Unions representing workers at Turner   Newall say they are 'disappointed' after talks with stricken parent firm Federal Mogul.

Reuters - Apparel retailers are hoping their\back-to-school fashions will make the grade among\style-conscious teens and young adults this fall, but it could\be a tough sell, with students and parents keeping a tighter\hold on their wallets.

LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar dipped to a four-week low  against the euro on Monday before rising slightly on  profit-taking, but steep oil prices and weak U.S. data  continued to fan worries about the health of the world's  largest economy.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices slipped on  Monday, though traders characterized the move as profit-taking  rather than any fundamental change in sentiment.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar extended gains against the  euro on Monday after a report on flows into U.S. assets showed  enough of a rise in foreign investments to offset the current  account gap for the month.

LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar held steady near this week's  four-week low against the euro on Tuesday with investors  awaiting a German investor confidence survey and U.S. consumer  inflation numbers to shed light on the direction.

SAN FRANCISCO -- In the latest of a series of product delays, Intel Corp. has postponed the launch of a video display chip it had previously planned to introduce by year end, putting off a showdown with Texas Instruments Inc. in the fast-growing market for high-definition television displays.

AP - Shares of Kmart Holding Corp. surged 17 percent Monday after the discount retailer reported a profit for the second quarter and said chairman and majority owner Edward Lampert is now free to invest the company's  #36;2.6 billion in surplus cash.

Keep an eye on your credit card issuers -- they may be about to raise your rates.

NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Money managers are growing more pessimistic about the economy, corporate profits and US stock market returns, according to a monthly survey by Merrill Lynch released Tuesday.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Staples Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SPLS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SPLS.O&lt;/A&gt;, the top U.S.  office products retailer, on Tuesday reported a 39 percent jump  in quarterly profit, raised its full-year forecast and said it  plans to enter the fast-growing Chinese market, sending its  shares higher.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices dropped in July  for the first time in eight months as a sharp run up in energy  costs reversed, the government said in a report that suggested  a slow rate of interest rate hikes is likely.

Rising fuel prices, a bugbear for most of the retail sector, are helping Home Depot (HD:NYSE - news - research), the remodeling giant that reported a surge in second-quarter earnings Tuesday and guided the rest of the year higher.

Charly Travers offers advice on withstanding the volatility of the biotech sector.

Web giant Yahoo! is gambling that price cuts on its domain name registration and Web hosting products will make it more competitive with discounters in the space -- which means that small businesses looking to move online get a sweeter deal through ...

Mills Corp. agreed to purchase a 50 percent interest in nine malls owned by General Motors Asset Management Corp. for just over \$1 billion, creating a new joint venture between the groups. The deal will extend ...

NEW YORK - The newly released traffic crash fatality data have something for everyone in the debate about the safety of sport utility vehicles.

TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar moved in tight ranges on  Wednesday as most investors shrugged off lower-than-expected  U.S. inflation data and stuck to the view the U.S. Federal  Reserve would continue raising rates.

LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to a new high of \$47 a  barrel on Wednesday after a new threat by rebel militia against  Iraqi oil facilities and as the United States said inflation  had stayed in check despite rising energy costs.

USATODAY.com - The Securities and Exchange Commission is expected to vote Wednesday to prohibit mutual fund companies from funneling stock trades to brokerage firms that agree to promote their funds to investors.

HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Mobile (Hong Kong) Ltd. (CHL), the listed unit of China #39;s biggest cellular phone operator, posted Wednesday a 7.8 rise in first-half net profit on a 23 increase in its subscriber base.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Monsanto Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MON.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said  the U.S. Justice Department has closed an inquiry into  potential antitrust issues regarding a key ingredient used in  its Roundup herbicide.

Cox Communications Inc. #39;s board of directors has formed a special committee of independent directors to consider Cox Enterprises Inc. #39;s proposal to take the company private in a \$8 billion stock buyout.

AP - Discount retailer Ross Stores Inc. Wednesday said its profit fell about 40 percent in the latest quarter due to problems with a new computer system that limited the company's ability to respond to changes in customer demand.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co., the top U.S. grocer, on  Tuesday posted a 29 percent rise in quarterly profit due to  cost controls, but price cuts to lure shoppers caused earnings  to miss Wall Street estimates and shares fell.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. airlines have agreed to limit  flights into Chicago's O'Hare International Airport to 88  arrivals per hour between 7 a.m. and 8 p.m. in an effort to cut  congestion that has slowed the whole U.S. aviation system,  federal officials said on Wednesday.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MDT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  said its quarterly earnings rose amid brisk demand for devices  that manage irregular heart beats and products used to treat  the spine.

Federal officials today announced plans to temporarily cut 37 flights operating at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport to help reduce the delay problems that ripple across the country.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MDT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  said its quarterly earnings rose on brisk demand for devices  that manage irregular heart beats and products used to treat  the spine.

Health care and consumer products maker Johnson  amp; Johnson (JNJ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is in negotiations to acquire medical-device maker Guidant Corp.

Australian insurer AMP returned to the black in the first half of the year with net profits of A\$378m (150m) after a disastrous foray into Britain pushed it A\$2.16 billion into the red last year.

Descriptions of urban afflictions and images of giant mosquitoes and cockroaches to convey a sense of how Houston is nevertheless beloved by many residents.

Credit Suisse Group announced plans to merge its Credit Suisse First Boston Securities unit with the rest of the company #39;s operations and cut as many as 300 jobs.

Reuters - U.S. shoppers have kept a tight grip\on their wallets this holiday season with indices on Tuesday\showing sluggish sales in the second week of the  season.

Hurricane Charley, the worst storm to hit the US in over a decade, will cost insurers just \$7.4bn, one insurance expert estimates.

Bank of America Corp. yesterday laid off hundreds of workers at Fleet bank branches across the Northeast as the North Carolina bank began to implement its brand of ...

Being freelance wine critics may sound like a sweet gig, but Ray and Eleanor Heald have soured on it. Because their home state, Michigan, blocks direct shipments from out-of-state

WASHINGTON -- The price of oil charged to a new high above \$47 a barrel yesterday amid nagging concerns about instability in Iraq, the uncertain fate of Russian petroleum giant Yukos, and the world's limited supply cushion.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. will make their  Nasdaq stock market debut on Thursday after the year's most  anticipated initial public offering priced far below initial  estimates, raising \$1.67 billion.

Australia #39;s flagship carrier Qantas Airways has reported a record annual net profit but warned oil prices threatened its performance, increasing the chance of a hike in ticket price surcharges to offset its fuel bill.

The state of Maine, Rite Aid Corp., and Community Pharmacy LP have agreed to a consent decree placing conditions on the sale of five Community Pharmacy stores to Rite Aid.

MARK COLVIN: Qantas might have posted yet another record profit, but the national carrier #39;s boss, Geoff Dixon, claims earnings are being hampered by unfair subsidies for international carriers allowed to fly in and out of Australia.

LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record above  \$48 a barrel on Thursday, spurred higher by renewed violence in  Iraq and fresh evidence that strong demand growth in China and  India has not been slowed yet by higher energy costs.

A closely watched measure of future economic activity fell in July for the second consecutive month, reinforcing evidence that the nation's financial recovery is slackening.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; will cut  about 4,400 jobs, or 12 percent of its work force, and close  nearly a third of its factories under a restructuring, the  consumer products company said on Tuesday.

AP - Ohio authorities sued Best Buy Co. Inc. on Thursday, alleging the electronics retailer engaged in unfair and deceptive business practices.

China is interested in participating in the bidding for Yuganskneftegaz, the top oil-producing subsidiary of the Russian oil giant Yukos, a Chinese economic official was quoted as saying in a report Thursday by the Russian news agency Interfax. The ...

Attorney General Jim Petro is suing Best Buy, alleging the electronics retailer has engaged in unfair and deceptive business practices.

NEW YORKFewer Americans lined up to claim first-time jobless benefits last week but analysts said the modest decline said very little about the current state of the labour market.

Vermont's Republican governor challenged the Bush administration's prescription drug policy in federal court yesterday, marking the first time a state has chosen a legal avenue in the expanding battle over Canadian imports.

Montana jury orders oil firm to pay up over gas pipeline leak from 1955; company plans to appeal. NEW YORK (Reuters) - A Montana jury ordered ChevronTexaco Corp., the number two US oil company, to pay \$40.3 million for environmental damage from a gasoline ...

&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RSE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RSE.N&lt;/A&gt; jumped before the bell after General Growth  Properties Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GGP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GGP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S. shopping mall owner, on  Friday said it would buy Rouse for \$7.2 billion.

Tertiary index comes in at almost double expectations, drives up yen and helps Nikkei overcome oil. LONDON (Reuters) - The yen hit a four-week high against the dollar Friday as stronger-than-expected Japanese service sector data raised optimism about the ...

In the stock #39;s first day of trading, investors bought, sold and flipped shares at a furious pace, with the price ending just above \$100 - 18 percent higher than where it started. It was, in other words, everything the company #39;s founders, Sergy Brin and ...

With the much-ballyhooed initial public offering of Google behind them and oil chugging to a new record high, investors took a step back today.

Closing a factory is never popular, but it's the right thing to do.

The latest data from the US Department of Commerce further bolsters what we have all suspected: E-commerce sales are increasing. Not only might one suspect that consumer confidence has been bolstered since last year, there ...

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug  Administration plans to update antidepressant labels to reflect  studies that suggest a link between the drugs and suicide in  youths, but remains cautious about the strength of such ties,   according to documents released on Friday.

UAL's United Airlines will have a 30-day extention on the period in which it can file an exclusive bankruptcy reorganization plan.

NewsFactor - Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) has said it will buy Joyo.com Limited -- a British Virgin Islands company that operates the largest Internet retail Web site in China -- for US #36;75 million.

Reuters - A U.S. appeals court ruled on Friday\that Arch Coal Inc. (ACI.N) may proceed with its bid to buy the\assets of rival Triton Coal Co. LLC, denying an emergency\request by the Federal Trade Commission to block the deal, a\spokesman for the agency said.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices paused for breath  on Tuesday after a blistering two-session rally ran out of  steam, though analysts still saw room to the upside given the  large short-base in the market.

Samsung Electronics, the world #39;s second largest computer chip manufacturer, yesterday said that it would invest Won25,000bn (\$24bn) in its semiconductor business by 2010 to generate

Caracas, Venezuela - The results of an audit support the official vote count showing that President Hugo Chavez won this month #39;s recall referendum in Venezuela, the head of the Organization of American States said Saturday.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - If there were any doubts that we're  still living in the era of the stay-at-home economy, the rows  of empty seats at the Athens Olympics should help erase them.

When oil prices rise, public interest in alternative energy often does, too. But the logic is evidently escaping Wall Street.

China will spend about \$3.4 billion over two to three years laying thousands of miles of oil pipelines to help secure its energy supply in the face of soaring prices and demand.

CONSUMER goods maker Colgate-Palmolive said today it would cut about 12 per cent of its 37,000-person work force and close a third of its factories worldwide as part of a four-year restructuring.

The price of oil looks set to grab headlines as analysts forecast that its record-breaking run may well continue.

AP - High oil prices, which have been a factor in virtually all U.S. recessions over the past three decades, are surging again this year. And the higher crude oil prices climb, the more risk energy costs pose to what, until recently, many expected to be a banner year for the U.S. economy.

Japanese stocks have failed to measure up to an assessment made in April by Merrill Lynch #39;s chief global strategist, David Bowers, who said Japan was  quot;very much everyone #39;s favorite equity market.

Aug. 23, 2004 (TheDeal.com) Problem-plagued Nortel Networks Corp. announced plans Thursday, Aug. 19, to eliminate an additional 3,500 jobs and fire seven more senior executives as the company labors to reinvent

TOKYO - Japan #39;s benchmark Nikkei stock index briefly recovered to the 11,000 level Monday morning on widespread buying prompted by advances in US shares last Friday.

Hong Kong Financial Secretary Henry Tang said he believed Hong Kong has walked out of the consumer price deflation cycle that lingered for 68 months, according to the consumer price index trend in the past few years.

In terms of dollar value, of all the products in the world, nothing is traded more than oil. Crude oil traded above 47 dollars a barrel for the first time this week.

Venezuela #39;s President Hugo Chavez has announced that he will no longer recognize the Democratic Coordination or CD as the opposition coalition.

AP - The productivity of America's workers grew at a 1.8 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the slowest pace in nearly two years, the government reported Tuesday.

Australian budget airline Virgin Blue announced Monday it will increase the fuel surcharge it adds to ticket prices from Aug. 26 because of soaring oil prices.

LONDON, August 23 (New Ratings) - ARM Holdings (ARM.ETR) has agreed to buy Artisan Components Inc (ARTI), a US-based provider of integrated circuit designing solutions, for about \$913 million (503.

LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar bounced off recent four-week  lows against the euro and yen on Monday in thin August trade  with investors focusing on U.S. data and a speech by the  Federal Reserve chief later in the week.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Retailer Kmart Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt;  on Monday said it finalized a deal to sell 18 of its stores to  Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$271 million.

Employers and workers are confused by eligibility and classification of the new regulations.

Reuters - Southwest Airlines Inc. (LUV.N), the\largest U.S. discount carrier, on Monday said it will eliminate\88 scheduled flights in order to boost revenue by freeing up\planes for more lucrative markets.

A business columnist has resigned from the Seattle Times after admitting he plagiarized the work of other journalists, said the newspaper.

British students spend about \$1.8 billion on drink every year, nearly three times as much as they cough up for books, a survey released on Monday showed.

Undergraduates in the city earn more than 90 a week on average, just behind Glasgow, Cambridge and Cardiff. Their hard-earned cash is likely to be spent on looking good and socialising, the

Defense contractor Northrop Grumman Corp. on Monday said it received a 10-year, \$408 million Army contract to provide simulated battle command training support to Army corps commanders - the latest award in

The price of oil has fallen as fears about interruptions to supplies being pumped out of Iraq eased slightly.

&lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Andrew Mitchell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - High-flying oil prices eased for a\second session on Monday as Iraq resumed exports from both its\northern and southern outlets after lengthy disruption, despite\fierce fighting in the holy city of Najaf.&lt;/p&gt;

Botswana's giant Debswana diamond mining firm says it will sack workers who carry on with an illegal stoppage.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were near the  unchanged mark on Monday as a disappointing sales forecast from  retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; dampened sentiment,  offsetting the benefit of easing oil prices.

Independent observers confirmed that the random auditing of results from the recall referendum (Sunday August 15) against Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez show there are no indications of fraud as claimed by the opposition.

Philippine president Gloria Arroyo warned that her country is in the midst of a fiscal crisis. A report by economists at the University of the Philippines said the country faces economic collapse

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Americans paid their credit card bills  on time at a record high level in June, sending credit card  delinquencies to their lowest level in four years, Moody's  Investors Service said on Monday.

OTTAWA -- A local firm that says it can help shrink backup times at large data centres is growing its business thanks to an alliance with Sun Microsystems Inc.

New Bush administration rules that scale back overtime eligibility for white-collar workers took effect on Monday over protests that they would slash paychecks at a time of economic uncertainty.

TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar held on to the previous day's  gain on Tuesday, supported by a retreat in oil prices and  upbeat comments on the U.S. economy from Federal Reserve  officials.

THE phoney war over the fate of Abbey grinds on. Along the way, on all sides, it is producing its predictable crop of knowing winks and destabilising nudges.

New overtime rules have taken effect in the United States that the government says will strengthen workers #39; rights, but opponents say will significantly reduce workers #39; pay.

blackhawk writes  quot;SAS Braathens, the Norwegian unit of Scandinavian airline SAS, will cut Oslo routes to Geneva and London Gatwick in the first step of a plan to eliminate 10 routes.

Executives at the collapsed China Aviation Oil Singapore have voluntarily handed over their passports to Singapore #39;s police, a spokesman said Tuesday.

TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar idled on Tuesday after gaining  the previous day, as many investors held off building positions  ahead of economic data from the United States.

CARACAS : An audit of last Sunday #39;s recall vote in Venezuela, which favored keeping President Hugo Chavez in office, found no evidence of fraud, as the opposition had charged, electoral officials said.

NEW YORK Johnson  amp; Johnson is in advanced negotiations to acquire Guidant, one of the largest US makers of devices to treat heart and circulatory illnesses, according to executives close to the talks.

Beleaguered Russian energy giant Yukos has warned that it will not produce as much oil as expected this year. It blames bailiffs who are draining its bank accounts to pay its potentially ruinous tax bill.

WASHINGTON -- Hundreds of workers rallied on the steps of the Labor Department yesterday to protest the implementation of new rules they say will cause as many as 6 million Americans to lose their overtime pay. But the Bush administration officials who crafted the complex regulations insisted more workers will actually qualify for extra pay under the plan, which almost ...

TOY retailer Toys R Us has posted a second-quarter profit, over- turning the loss it made over the same period the year before. The New Jersey-based group, which is considering quitting the toys business, turned

The biggest-ever takeover battle in Japan got even bigger today as Sumitomo Mitsui sought to disrupt a rival's expansion plans with a \$29 billion hostile bid for UFJ.

Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. laid out a \$29 billion bid for UFJ Holdings on Tuesday, challenging a rival offer by Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group to form the world #39;s biggest bank.

Hollinger Inc., th #39;e Toronto-based holding company controlled by disgraced media baron Conrad Black, lost an independent director Tuesday when a former general in Canada #39;s armed forces resigned from its board.

AUGUST 25, 2004 -- The Sabre Travel Network yesterday responded quickly to Northwest Airlines #39; decision to impose a fee on all domestic tickets issued through global distribution systems, firing back with its own policy changes and concluding the

United Airlines says it likely will end funding for employee pension plans, a move that would be the largest ever default by a US company and could lead to a taxpayer-funded bailout rivaling the savings-and-loan fiasco of the 1980s.

Northwest Airlines said it would begin charging a \$10 fee for issuing a ticket at its airport check-in desks.

Can you hear him now: Virgin Group Chairman Richard Branson said in Hong Kong that his company has earmarked \$300 million for a cell phone joint venture in China.

Toronto Dominion Bank (TD.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday that it is in talks with US-based Banknorth Group (BNK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) about a possible deal, in line with the Canadian bank #39;s push for

Protests from seven safety groups have prompted General Motors to pull a television ad that shows a young boy driving a Corvette sports car so recklessly that it goes airborne, officials of the automaker say.

Despite a weak third-quarter earnings report that sent its shares plunging 24 percent Tuesday, poultry producer Sanderson Farms Inc.

Microsoft on Wednesday announced the release to manufacturing of Microsoft Operations Manager (MOM) 2005 and MOM 2005 Workgroup Edition, a new edition that the company previously called MOM 2005 Express.

Ford Motor Co. said on Wednesday it will fix malfunctioning heated seats in 33,000 Focus cars, two-thirds of which were sold in Canada.

Quiznos Sub, the third-largest US sandwich chain, said on Wednesday it signed a deal to serve PepsiCo Inc. (PEP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) drinks in its US outlets, ending a 23-year relationship with Coca-Cola Co.

Northwest Airlines Corp. filed suit against Sabre Travel Network in the US District Court for the District of Minnesota alleging that Sabre instituted measures that will make it more difficult for the carrier to sell tickets.

WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--New Zealand #39;s Auckland International Airport Ltd. (AIA.NZ) Thursday posted double digit annual profit growth, buoyed by a surge in passenger travel, and said it expects to meet market consensus for the 2005 fiscal year earnings.

A bank in Belarus has denied US charges that it laundered money for former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein. Infobank, in a statement, said it has strictly followed international agreements related to the fight against illegal transactions.

Singapore Airlines plans to buy up to 31 Boeing long-range 777-300ER planes worth about \$7.35 billion, the carrier said Wednesday.

After a month-long rally that repeatedly pushed prices to new highs, the cost of a barrel slumped for the fourth day, leaving the price \$10 higher than year-ago rate.

Singapore Airlines Ltd., Asia #39;s most profitable carrier, is betting new planes will help it lure passengers from Emirates and Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd.

Snoopy has left the building. Well, almost. MetLife Inc. , the insurance giant that employs Charlie Brown's dog in ads, is close to completing a deal to sell its State Street Research and Management investment arm to BlackRock Inc. for about \$400 million. Everyone involved will be better off for it.

DETROIT -- General Motors Corp. has withdrawn a Corvette commercial that shows a young boy driving wildly through city streets after safety advocates complained, the company said yesterday.

Factory orders in July for costly manufactured goods recorded the biggest gain in four months. New home sales, meanwhile, slid, according to a pair of reports

NEW YORK (Reuters) - BlackRock Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BLK.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of the  largest U.S. fixed income managers, on Thursday said it will  buy its far smaller competitor State Street Research    Management Co., marking the biggest takeover in the asset  management business this year.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Freddie Mac &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FRE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FRE.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday  its mortgage investments, or retained portfolio, grew at an  annualized rate of 20.8 percent in July, compared with a 19.4  percent increase in June.

NEW YORK, August 26 (New Ratings) - BlackRock Inc (BLK.NYS), a leading US-based fixed-income asset management company, has reportedly agreed to buy State Street Research  amp; Management Company, a unit of MetLife Inc, for \$375 million in a cash and stock

Nepal tour operators say tourists cancelled millions of  dollars of bookings due to the rebel blockade of Kathmandu.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - GlaxoSmithKline Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GSK.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GSK.L&lt;/A&gt; has agreed  to release all clinical studies of its drugs to settle a  lawsuit that accused it of withholding negative information  about the antidepressant Paxil, the New York Attorney General's  office said on Thursday.

CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Discount retailer Dollar General reported a 19 percent rise in fiscal second-quarter earnings, helped by higher sales and lower charges.

The Shell oil company has been handed a \$1.5 billion bill for ecological compensation in the Niger delta by the government of Nigeria.

The cost of a barrel of oil in London has dipped below \$40 as energy prices have continued to slide. The price of Brent crude in London fell to a three-week low of \$39.

Merck  amp; Co. faces a dual threat from health insurers and patients #39; lawyers, after a US study suggested its Vioxx arthritis drug carries a greater risk than rival medicines.

LAGOS - Nigeria #39;s Senate has passed a resolution asking Shell #39;s Nigerian unit to pay \$1.5 billion in compensation to oilfield communities for pollution, a Senate spokesman said.

Oracle Corp. President Charles Phillips on Monday said PeopleSoft Inc. customers have become more comfortable with the prospect of a merger between the two software firms even as the proposed transaction awaits a critical ruling from a Delaware court.

New Delhi, August 26: The sixth day of the truckers strike on Thursday saw 12 more truckers being arrested under the Essential Services Maintenance Act (ESMA)in the Capital.

DreamWorks SKG, the studio that created the  quot;Shrek #39; #39; films, said yesterday that Helene Hahn would step down as chief operating officer.

SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Berkshire Hathaway vice-chairman Charles Munger and his wife Nancy Munger on Thursday donated \$43.5 million to Stanford University and its law school.

SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic -- When Sandro Batista smashed his banana truck into a tree in April, leaving him with two hideously shattered legs and a broken arm, his orthopedic surgeon sent his sister shopping.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were nearly  unchanged on Friday as investors awaited key data on the  economy that could determine the market's early direction.

LONDON, August 27 (New Ratings) - Belgian brewing giant, Interbrew SA (ITK.ETR), has received the approval of its shareholders for its proposed acquisition of the Brazilian brewer, AmBev.

Thai Airways has agreed to buy six Airbus A380s, becoming the 13th airline to order the new  quot;superjumbo, quot; the European aircraft maker said Friday.

Don't be too impressed -- great returns don't always mean much.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy slowed more sharply  in the second quarter than first thought as oil prices rose and  the trade gap swelled, the government said on Friday in a  report that confirmed momentum faltered in the spring.

The US economy slowed more sharply in the second quarter than first thought as oil prices rose and the trade gap swelled, the government said on Friday in a report that confirmed momentum faltered in the spring.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy slowed more sharply  in the second quarter than first thought as oil prices rose and  the trade gap swelled, the government said on Friday in a  report that confirmed momentum faltered in the spring.

EU Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson and his US counterpart, Robert Zoellick, aim for a truce in the latest transatlantic row over government aid for aviation rivals Boeing and Airbus.

The transition atop the department store company looks like a pleasant non-story.

By Davis Dyer, Frederick Dalzell. By Robert Slater. In the 1830s, William Procter, a storekeeper and candle maker, and James Gamble, a soap maker, happened to marry two sisters in Cincinnati, Olivia and Elizabeth Ann Norris.

The computer-hardware giant, best known for products such as PCs and printers, on Friday laid out its plan to become a brand-name in consumer electronics products such as flat-screen TVs, music players and the devices that move content between them.

Thai Airways International plans to buy six Airbus A380 double-decker aircraft that will be delivered in 2008 and 2009. The airline is also ordering two additional A340 aircraft.

BRUSSELS/SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Shareholders gave their  blessing on Friday for Belgium's Interbrew &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTB.BR target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTB.BR&lt;/A&gt; to buy  Brazil's AmBev &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMBV4.SA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMBV4.SA&lt;/A&gt;&lt;ABV.N&gt; in a \$9.7 billion deal that  will create the world's largest brewer.

A few weeks ago, in a story on Nortel (NYSE: NT), I asked people to submit a Canadian joke to me. This is as good a place as any to reveal the winner.

Britain #39;s economy accelerated to the fastest annual pace in nearly four years in the second quarter as manufacturing emerged from a slump and consumers ratcheted up spending, the government said Friday.

Siemens, the world #39;s fourth-largest maker of mobile phones, said Friday that a software flaw that can create a piercing ring in its newest phone models might hurt earnings in its handset division.

HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hong Kong #39;s export expansion slowed a touch in July, as expected, but still continued at double-digit rates thanks to high trade volume with mainland China.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fasten your seatbelts. The Republicans  are coming to town. If things go smoothly at the Republican  National Convention, the stock market could get a brief boost  next week, experts say.

The Aug. 23 front-page article on the Toyota Prius vs. the Honda Civic implied that the main reason people prefer the Prius was its  quot;geek-chic look quot; and the image buyers want.

After one of the most embarrassing weeks in British Airways #39; history, the recriminations begin tomorrow. Rod Eddington, the airline #39;s gregarious Australian chief executive, says he will mount a full investigation

A new drug that fights a form of age-related macular degeneration (AMD), a leading cause of blindness in the elderly, won applause if not approval from a panel of advisors to the US Food and Drug Administration.

In a move almost unheard of in its industry, Norwegian Cruise Line has apologized for service problems during the Pride of Aloha #39;s first two months of sailing around Hawaii, and is refunding a portion of the service charge to everyone who has cruised on

The airline said it will begin paying only \$5 of the \$12.50 cost of booking a Northwest ticket through a global distribution system such as Sabre or Galileo starting Wednesday.

The three largest US local telephone corporations made a splash this summer with plans to sell video services on their voice and data lines in a few years.

After last week #39;s settlement with San Francisco investment adviser Garrett Van Wagoner, you have to wonder how serious the Securities and Exchange Commission is about protecting mutual fund shareholders.

Canada and the United States have failed to reach an agreement on resuming US imports of Canadian live cattle, local press reported Sunday.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fasten your seatbelts. The Republicans  are in town. If things go smoothly at the Republican National  Convention, the stock market could get a brief boost this week,  experts say.

TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks were flat in mid-morning  trade on Monday with confidence in the domestic economic  outlook failing to offset profit-taking that hit recent gainers  such as insurers and real estate stocks.

Federal-Mogul Corp., the bankrupt US engineering company, may sell its UK-based Turner  amp; Newall Plc after the UK division #39;s independent pension trustee rejected a \$130 million cash offer

NEW YORK, (Aug. 30, 2004) - Cattle farmers and haulers finally looking for a quick end to a 15-month ban on live cattle exports to the US are out of luck after Canadian Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell

In October, most major cellphone carriers plan to start compiling a publicly accessible listing of wireless phone numbers.

One of the men who survived Friday #39;s fatal scaffold collapse is in guarded condition at Detroit Receiving Hospital and the two other survivors were released on Sunday, a hospital spokeswoman said.

Santander says it aims to complete its takeover of UK mortgage lender Abbey one month sooner than originally planned.

SAN MATEO, Calif. -- The promise of Internet-based video has long been hamstrung by copyright and piracy worries, slow dial-up connections, technical challenges, and consumer disdain for watching blotchy videos on their home computers.

The Kerry Packer-backed Challenger Financial Services Group has reported its first net loss since incorporating, impacted by a massive writedown of goodwill.

Description: A flurry of corporate bankruptcies in the past few years leaves a public agency strapped for cash: the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

Intel creates a more powerful memory chip without increasing its size, confounding the firm's critics.

PERTH (Dow Jones)--Sons of Gwalia Ltd. (SGW.AU), Australia #39;s second-biggest gold producer, has fallen into administration over aA\$348 million hedge book liability.

SYDNEY Sons of Gwalia, the world #39;s leading supplier of tantalum, appointed outside managers on Monday after failing to reach agreement with creditors.

Deputy Prime Minister and Finance-Economy Minister Lee Hun-jai said Monday the nation #39;s current economic lethargy is due to unsubstantiated uncertainty #39; #39; about the future, which in turn weakens the confidence of market players.

Swedish engineering company Atlas Copco said Monday it will sell its electric tool business to Hong Kong-based Techtronic Industries Co.

HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Petroleum  amp; Chemical Corp. (SNP), the country #39;s second-largest oil and gas producer, Monday reported a 51 jump in first-half earnings and said it plans to boost its refining capacity by about one-fifth over three years.

US consumer spending rebounded in July, a sign the economy may be emerging from an early summer decline. Consumer spending rose 0.8 last month, boosted by car and retail sales.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. housing industry economists on  Monday cautioned that rapid house price gains in some areas of  the country may not be sustainable.

US Airways #39; (UAIR:Nasdaq - news - research) shares jumped almost 20 on news that management and pilots were back at the table, trying to hammer out an agreement on work concessions to save the company.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices fell more than \$1 on  Monday on continued profit-taking as producer-group OPEC eyed  increases in the coming months in its tight spare capacity,  countering worries over stumbling Iraqi oil exports.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. housing industry economists on  Monday cautioned that rapid house price gains in some areas of  the country may not be sustainable.

AP - An unsettling report on consumer incomes set off a spate of profit-taking on Wall Street Monday as investors worried that a tepid economy would erode companies' third-quarter earnings. Another drop in oil prices failed to shake the gloom from the market.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators are  investigating United Rentals Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=URI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;URI.N&lt;/A&gt; and have subpoenaed  some accounting records, the company said on Monday, sending  its shares down 21.5 percent.

SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian television broadcaster Seven Network Ltd. (SEV) said Tuesday net profit jumped 59 to A\$93.3 million for the fiscal year ended June 26, boosted by profit proceeds from the sell down of its stake in B Digital.

Workers at the Ford plant in Hapeville are getting a second unexpected day off during the dog days of summer. The company has stopped assembly-line production at the plant today because of a continued parts shortage, a Ford official said.

KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 30 -- Twinkie maker Interstate Bakeries Corp. on Monday delayed filing its annual report for the second time, a move that dragged shares lower by more than 42 percent on speculation about the company #39;s ongoing viability.

Every year, public companies put a number of questions before their stockholders for a vote. Investors weigh in on whether to reelect company directors, reappoint auditors, and approve or kill plans to give big stock option packages to senior executives.

A top Italian labor leader says his union could consider job cuts at Alitalia to prevent the airline #39;s collapse, as workers at the flag carrier clamored for details of its cost-cutting rescue plan.

AFP - Swiss banking group UBS said that it had paid 265 million dollars (219 million euros) to buy SoundView, the capital markets division of online broker Charles Schwab to strengthen its position on the US Nasdaq market.

The European Union, Japan and Brazil won World Trade Organization backing to impose tariffs on US imports after Congress failed to end illegal corporate subsidies worth \$850 million since 2001.

NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The CEOs of the top 50 US companies that sent service jobs overseas pulled down far more pay than their counterparts at other large companies last year, a study said Tuesday.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hartford Financial Services Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HIG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday became the latest insurer to issue a profit  warning tied to Hurricane Charley, the strongest storm to hit  Florida in a dozen years.

Albertsons Inc. (ABS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US grocer, on Tuesday reported a substantial drop in its quarterly profit as heavy promotions

Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland #39;s second-largest bank, said Tuesday it will combine its US-based Credit Suisse First Boston investment unit with its retail and private banking business within two years.

NEW YORK -- Just a year ago this week, New York Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer shook the financial services industry -- and investor confidence -- by revealing that four big-name mutual fund companies had cut secret deals allowing a New Jersey hedge fund to profit from short-term trading at the expense of ordinary investors.

Persistent economic sluggishness and continued fallout from the Southern California labor dispute slashed second quarter profits 36 percent for Albertsons Inc.

The catheter that triggered three safety recalls by Boston Scientific Corp. of its best-selling Taxus coronary stent after being linked to three deaths and 47 injuries had not been subjected to the rigors of a human clinical trial, FDA records show.

SCOTTISH  amp; Southern Energy yesterday called time on its 18-month acquisition spree after confirming a 3.1 billion swoop for two gas distribution networks.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VZ.N&lt;/A&gt; is  near an agreement to sell its Canadian telephone directory  business to private equity firm Bain Capital, the New York Post  said on Wednesday.

First Albany Capital on Wednesday raised SuperGen Inc. #39;s (SUPG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) stock rating to  quot;buy quot; from  quot;neutral, quot; following its cancer-drug deal with MGI Pharma Inc.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Expansion in the U.S. factory sector  slowed in August as higher costs for energy and raw materials  squeezed manufacturers, a report showed on Wednesday, but  analysts said growth remained relatively robust.

MOVIE studio Metro-Goldwyn Meyer has reportedly banned some of its staff from buying or selling its shares, stoking speculation that a multibillion-dollar takeover of the group could be days away, with Time Warner the favoured candidate.

Crude oil futures surged Wednesday as the US Energy Department reported US oil supplies fell more than expected. Crude oil for October delivery rose 1.68 dollars to 43.

Shares in newly public Google Inc. fell 2 percent on Wednesday as investors braced for the expiration of a lockup period that has kept insiders at the Web search company from selling stock.

SPRINGFIELD, Ill. Philip Morris and lawyers who won a ten-(B)billion-dollar judgment against the company are fighting again. The cigarette maker on Monday asked the Illinois Supreme Court to disqualify a Chicago

The Samsung Electronics Company, the Korean electronics giant, said Monday that it would invest \$23.7 billion in new chip production lines over the next six years.

Another disappointing sales month at General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. led the nation #39;s two largest automakers to cut planned vehicle production in the fourth quarter, which could hurt profits.

Bill Ryan is spending the last days of the summer traveling across Canada and the United States to pitch big shareholders on the complicated plan to sell 51 percent of his Banknorth Group Inc. to Toronto-Dominion Bank .

A new computerized service enables customers to create phony outbound phone numbers in order to mask their telephone identities.

Red Hat on Thursday named Charles Peters Jr. as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Peters replaces Kevin Thompson, who unexpectedly announced his resignation in June, a few days before the

A slow August snapped an eight-month winning streak for Federated Department Stores Inc., which reported its first drop in sales since November.

Not every specialty retailer is cut from the same mold -- some are just moldy.

Shares of US Airways Group Inc. rose more than 9 Thursday morning after the airline #39;s pilots union said it may agree on a plan to cut wages and benefits.

OSCOW, Sept. 2- World oil prices rose on Thursday after Russia #39;s largest oil producer, Yukos, said a court ruling  quot;paralyzes #39; #39; the company #39;s operations.

JAKARTA (Agencies): President Megawati Soekarnoputri opened high-level economic talks between members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) on Friday with a warning to ASEAN leaders that they must stay the course on their agreed

The freefall in oil prices ended Monday on a spate of ominous developments, including a deadly attack on a US consulate in Saudi Arabia and reports that OPEC might cut production this week.

A former part-time teller and Mexican immigrant won more than \$100,000 after the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination determined Citizens Bank discriminated against her when it bypassed her for a full-time job in favor of a less experienced white co-worker.

Oil prices briefly bolted above \$45 a barrel yesterday, then retreated toward \$44, in a volatile day of trading after Russian oil giant Yukos said its output could suffer because of a court ruling that froze some of its assets.

The August start of the back-to-school shopping season was a disappointment for major retailers.

The leading private and branded food and pet products marketer is spending to revamp its image.

The Supreme Court is considering whether Michigan and other states may bar people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers, a big-money question that could lead to sweeping changes in how alcoholic beverages are regulated

The European Union said Friday it  quot;hoped to reach a conclusion quot; at a meeting of foreign ministers on the participation of military-ruled Myanmar in an upcoming summit of Asian and European nations.

NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- First Albany lowered its stock price target for Intel (INTC) to \$24 from \$30 following the chip sector bellwether #39;s lowered third-quarter revenue and margin outlook.

AFP - The US economy generated 144,000 jobs in August, the Labour Department said, in a sign that the labour market was improving slightly after two sluggish months.

MOSCOW: Russias tax ministry said on Friday that it had raised its back tax claims against oil major Yukos by a fifth for 01, to 119.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Intel Corp's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; sharp cut in its  revenue outlook dragged down shares of personal computer makers  on Friday, on fears that the chipmaker's problems could signal  weak PC markets, analysts said.

Indian inflation hits its highest level in more than three years, boosted by increasing energy and food costs.

A federal judge in Virginia has ruled that a trademark infringement suit filed by the Government Employees Insurance Co. (GEICO) against Internet search giants Google Inc. and Overture Services Inc. can proceed.

The US textile industry officials would plead for blocking Chinese imports to the Bush administration this month. Earlier this year, the White House had rejected a similar request made by 130 Republican and Democratic members of Congress.

Continental Airlines announced today it will not make any contributions to its pension plan this year, citing as reasons the ongoing uncertainty of the industry #39;s economic environment and the record high cost of jet fuel.

T amp;T Wireless Services Inc., the third-largest United States mobile phone company, reached an agreement yesterday with Rogers Communications Inc.

WASHINGTON - Employers stepped up hiring in August, expanding payrolls by 144,000 and lowering the unemployment rate to 5.4 percent.

STOCKS in the United States fell - led by technology shares - after the world #39;s biggest semiconductor maker Intel cut its revenue forecast because of slowing demand for personal computers and mobile phones.

The world #39;s largest software company has teamed with the world #39;s largest retailer to help kick off the latest version of Windows Media Player.

The American economic ship, which has weathered the recent run-up in crude oil prices, may be more vulnerable to sudden surges in the price of money.

AP - Americans appear to be getting used to paying more to drive  #151; even if it means they have less money to buy other things. For example, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, blamed disappointing sales in August on the fact that shoppers spent more just getting to and from its stores.

A Canadian judge has ordered that a court-appointed inspector be assigned to take a close look at the business dealings of Hollinger Inc, the Conrad Black-controlled company said on Friday.

NEW YORK (DowJonesAP) - Pfizer (PFE) said Friday it has agreed to pay \$430 million to settle all lawsuits against it alleging injury from insulation products made by a subsidiary.

Toward the end of the month if resources are a little tight, there are times when Krista Bergstrom admits she writes a check or two for more than is left in her account.

Retailers in Michigan delighted when students returned to the classroom, but the back-to-school sales haven #39;t generated the kind of dollars many projected.

Johnson  amp; Johnson is in advanced negotiations to acquire Guidant, an Indianapolis-based medical device maker, for more than \$24 billion, executives close to the talks said Monday.

LONDON - A man wielding a machete and a knife attacked two security guards at the building housing the headquarters of the British domestic intelligence service MI5 on Friday, police said.

For a moment last week, President Bush escaped the White House spin chamber and was the plainspoken man much of the nation came to like four years ago.

TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks rose by mid-morning on  Monday with a broad range of issues getting a lift from a key  survey that boosted optimism on Japan's economic outlook, with  expectations rising that growth figures will be revised up.

Manufacturing industry is enjoying its strongest performance for almost 10 years, according to a survey by the Engineering Employers Federation.

Richard N. Perle, a director at the media company Hollinger International who was criticized in an internal report, says he was duped by its former chief, Conrad M. Black.

Tokyo share prices fell steeply Friday, led by technology stocks after a disappointing report from US chip giant Intel. The US dollar was up against the Japanese yen.

European Competition Commissioner Mario Monti has given the green light to the UK8.75bn takeover bid by Spain #39;s Santander for the UK #39;s Abbey National.

TOKYO - Japan #39;s benchmark Nikkei stock index hit a five-week closing high Monday on upbeat capital spending figures for the April-June quarter by Japanese companies.

Japan carmaker Toyota enters a joint venture to produce saloon cars in southern China.

BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A proposed settlement between  Coca-Cola Co. and the European Commission to end a long-running  antitrust case over fizzy drinks is not yet set in stone, the  European Union's executive said on Monday.

Confidence in service firms has been hit by rising oil prices and interest rates but manufacturers have seen the best rate of orders for nine years, two surveys show.

Reuters - (Clint Willis is a freelance writer who covers mutual funds\for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are solely those of Mr.\Willis.)

NEW YORK, September 3 (New Ratings) - The European Union has reportedly made significant progress in settling its prolonged antitrust case against The Coca-Cola Co (KO.

Coca-Cola Co. moved closer to settling a five-year European Commission antitrust probe after regulators said an offer from the world #39;s biggest soft-drink maker to revamp its sales practices is very good.

Labor Day is one of those terms, like driveway and parkway, that means the opposite of what it seems to mean. Honoring the nation #39;s workers, Labor Day is not for working but for picnics.

AP - Hanging stockings by the chimney with care? Retailers hope that St. Nicholas soon will be there  #151; to hang a 42-inch plasma-screen TV.

Cazenove, the Queen #39;s broker, will tomorrow be under pressure to divulge the state of merger talks at its annual shareholder meeting, with US giants circling the firm.

Reuters - U.S. oil prices edged higher for the\second day in a row on Tuesday amid calls within OPEC to crack\down on excess output at this week's meeting.

The Slovak and Czech governments Monday rejected a proposal by French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy to axe structural funds for new EU members whose taxes were lower than the European average.

Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) said yesterday it was in talks with the Jinan City Commercial Bank (JNCCB) about buying a stake in the regional lender.

In a summer when many of the studios' biggest bets failed to pay off, it was familiarity in the form of sequels and low-budget comedies that resonated with movie audiences.

Pump prices have been climbing in advance of Labor Day, as they often do before the last major drive-away weekend of the summer. The average price for self-serve regular

DUBLIN (Dow Jones)--Ireland #39;s banking union said Monday it #39;ll write to the Irish Competition Authority and European Commission expressing concern over the prospective sell-off of National Australia Bank Ltd.

Petroliam Nasional Bhd., or Petronas, Malaysias national oil and gas firm, is in discussions with Chinas State-owned oil and gas firms for potential liquefied natural

SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Seeking to cut costs and encouraged by UK regulatory changes, Australia #39;s QBE Insurance group Ltd. (QBE.AU) Tuesday said it will merge its Lloyd #39;s division with other European operations.

Airbus plans to challenge Boeing Co. by offering a new aircraft as early as year-end, its chief executive says. The Toulouse, France-based plane maker is  quot;reflecting quot; on whether to introduce an all-new plane

Hurricane Frances could cause \$3-6bn in insured losses in the US, less than experts first predicted.

Big pharmaceutical companies are testing new tracking technology they hope will help them spot counterfeit drugs before they reach consumers' medicine cabinets.

British oil and gas firm Cairn Energy has seen profits drop 40, but reports strong reserves in its Indian oil fields.

Factory output fell unexpectedly in July for the second month in a row -- the first back-to-back decline in nearly two years -- as the production of beer and pharmaceuticals plummeted.

Israel would start liquidating the Erez industrial zone in the northern Gaza Strip before launching the first stage of the disengagement plan in March 2005,local newspaper Ha #39;aretz reported on Tuesday.

Challenger survey finds most job cuts in 6 months; seasonal hiring by retailers lifts new jobs. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Employers increased both hiring and layoff plans in August, according to a survey released Tuesday by an outplacement firm.

Drug makers Pfizer Inc. and Sanofi-Aventis on Tuesday posted positive results from mid-stage trials of an inhaled insulin product for diabetics.

City Public Service (CPS) has reached an agreement with American Electric Power #39;s Texas subsidiary to buy an additional 12 percent equity stake in the South Texas Project for \$160 million.

As sunshine state licks its wounds from Hurricane Frances, Gan Shmuel could reap the benefits. The most important news for Florida #39;s 2.8 million residents this week has not been from the Republican

US Airways Group Inc. (UAIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) issued a general appeal on Tuesday to the carrier #39;s 3,000 pilots after their union #39;s leaders rejected

US Airways is seeking \$800 million in concessions from employee unions as it attempts to avoid filing Chapter 11. The Air Line Pilots Association will present its proposal on the evening of

US Representative John Spratt of South Carolina said the Federal Reserve should go lightly #39; #39; on raising the benchmark interest rate because of the economy.

Lesser-known French retailer turns in a strong first half. Investors, take notice.

A decline in the price of oil helped lift US stocks to their highest level in two-months on Tuesday. The dollar declined against its major rivals as investors took profits

The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, which supplies a third of the world #39;s crude oil, can raise production capacity by 1 million barrels a day by year-end, OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said.

eslie Moonves, the co-president of Viacom, yesterday realigned the management of the company #39;s CBS entertainment division and Paramount television production studio, promising smoother and greater interaction between the two.

SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian stocks edged lower on Wednesday  as profit taking set in after two days of gains and the dollar  firmed ahead of comments from Fed chief Alan Greenspan that are  expected to cement the case for further U.S. rate rises.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Frank Quattrone, a former star  investment banker who once earned \$120 million in a year, will  be sentenced on Wednesday for obstructing a federal  investigation into some of the most popular stock offerings of  the 1990s.

F.A.O. Schwarz may be shuttered and dark, but its catalog is somersaulting back in the direction of well-heeled children and the adults who indulge them.

Viacom co-president and CBS Chairman Leslie Moonves officially whacked the head of the media conglom #39;s television studio yesterday, and divvied up the job among loyal CBS staffers.

Florida insurance companies can cover the losses of Hurricanes Charley and Frances, even if a few small insurers fail, the state #39;s chief financial officer said Tuesday.

AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch brewer Heineken posted a 4.5  percent fall in core profit for the first half on Wednesday, at  the low end of expectations as a weak dollar and sluggish  markets hurt business.

GENEVA (Reuters) - The World Trade Organization (WTO) has  again declared some European Union sugar exports illegal,  dealing a new blow to the bloc's lavish system of farm  subsidies, a trade source close to the case said Wednesday.

Crude oil fell as OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said the group may raise its spare production capacity to as much as 2.5 million barrels a day by the end of this year, reducing concern about shortages.

WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Cash America International (PWN) said it #39;s reached a deal to acquire privately owned SuperPawn, operator of a 41-store chain of pawn shops in the US including 21 locations in Las Vegas.

Bee Staff Writer. The high-tech ground is shifting underfoot again, amid rumblings of a new Silicon Valley alliance that would let owners of TiVo Inc.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were flat on Wednesday  after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said the economy  had recovered from its soft patch and a number of companies  warned about their earnings.

The federal agency that protects private sector pension plans announced yesterday that the maximum annual benefit for plans taken over in 2005 will be \$45,614 for workers who wait until age 65 to retire.

On Friday, the former Disney directors who led a shareholder rebellion aimed at the ouster of Disney's chief executive and other directors this year said they had dropped plans to run a slate of directors at next year's shareholders meeting.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy is pulling out of  its recent soft patch and appears to be picking up steam,  Federal Reserve chief Alan Greenspan said on Wednesday in  remarks economists saw as cementing a September rate rise.

The Federal Government has hailed a World Trade Organisation ruling that European subsidies for sugar producers are in breach of international trade rules.

The chairman of Amvescap said Wednesday that the company planned to wrap its US mutual fund businesses into one following a \$450 million settlement with regulators over improper trading.

elta Air Lines announced yesterday that it would cut 12 percent of its work force over the next 18 months and said a bankruptcy filing would be  quot;a real possibility quot; as soon as the end

Reuters - Lawyers for former WorldCom  Chief\Executive Bernard Ebbers are seeking immunity for two witnesses\who they believe could clear their client of fraud charges\related to the company's  #36;11 billion accounting scandal,\according to court papers filed on Wednesday.

londonBritish Airways Plc, Europe #39;s second-biggest airline, will sell its 18 per cent stake in Qantas Airways Ltd. worth 427 million or about \$980 million (Canadian) to cut debt ahead of possible acquisitions in Europe.

The CEO of Molson Inc. raised doubts about his company #39;s deal with Adolph Coors Co., telling a Canadian newspaper he doesn #39;t know whether his shareholders will OK the merger, even though it #39;s  quot;the best deal.

WILMINGTON, Del. -- A Delaware corporate law judge Wednesday heard a plea from attorneys for former Walt Disney Co. president Michael Ovitz that asks to remove Ovitz from the list of defendants in a shareholder

LONDON, September 9 (New Ratings) - Santander Central Hispano (BSD2.FSE) has indicated that it is selling a 2.51 stake in Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, in an attempt to seek regulatory approval to acquire UKs Abbey National Plc.

Philippine shares finished higher for the seventh straight session Thursday on follow-through buying anchored by improved investor sentiment, traders said.

A sharp drop in initial unemployment claims and bullish forecasts from Nokia and Texas Instruments sent stocks slightly higher in early trading Thursday.

US Treasury debt prices cut early gains but remained narrowly higher after the government said that new claims for jobless insurance fell in the latest week.

A sharp drop in initial unemployment claims and bullish forecasts from Nokia and Texas Instruments sent stocks higher in early trading Thursday.

Frank Quattrone, who rose to investment banking stardom during the dot.com boom, was sentenced to 18 months in a federal prison camp in Lompoc, Calif.

Reuters - Procter   Gamble Co.  on Thursday\backed its quarterly profit outlook, helped by sales of new\products and continued gains in developing markets.

Mortgage rates around the country went up this week, although 30-year mortgages still were below 6 percent for a sixth straight week.

Company sees doubling of units to at least 3,000; predicts 17 earnings rise over next 3 to 5 years. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Restaurant chain Applebee #39;s International Inc.

Reuters - Health insurance premiums rose five\times faster than U.S. workers' salaries this year, according\to a survey released on Thursday that also showed slippage in\the percentage of American workers covered by employer health\plans.

SEATTLE (Reuters) - RealNetworks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RNWK.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RNWK.O&lt;/A&gt; is ending  its 49 cent-per-song music download service but will keep the  promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet  media and software company said on Thursday.

Strong international sales growth and solid U.S. comps propel the company's stock to its highest price ever.

By Malcolm Moore, Economics Correspondent (Filed: 10/09/2004). The Bank of England held interest rates at 4.75pc yesterday after a series of recent surveys showed the housing market was slowing down.

Foreign drug stocks were in the spotlight Thursday with Food and Drug Administration news pulling the sector down. AstraZeneca PLC took a drubbing on the eve of its FDA advisory panel meeting for its orally

Reuters - Alcoa Inc. , the world's largest\aluminum producer, on Thursday warned that third-quarter\results would fall far short of Wall Street expectations, hurt\by plant shutdowns, restructuring costs and weakness in some\markets.

Oil prices held firm on Friday after leaping almost \$2 a day earlier on news US crude stocks sank to a five-month low last week and distillate fuels barely grew ahead of winter.

NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Wall Street took a wait-and-see approach to the final day of the trading week, looking for more information on inflation, trade, oil and a report of Michael Eisner #39;s 2006 departure from Disney.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Michael Eisner plans to step down as  Walt Disney Co.'s chief executive when his contract expires in  September 2006, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday.

WordsWorth Books, a Harvard Square institution for 29 years, yesterday filed for bankruptcy protection, as its owners seek a buyer or investor to help the independent bookseller compete with giant rivals like Amazon.com.

LONDON (Reuters) - The yen fell against other major  currencies on Friday on a surprising downward revision to  Japanese growth, while the dollar hit three-week lows against  the euro on worries about the U.S. trade deficit.

Shares of Alcoa Inc., the world #39;s biggest aluminum producer, fell the most in almost five months in Europe after the company said third-quarter profit from continuing operations will be below analysts #39; estimates.

How will companies and investors fare if the storm spawns moderate damage?

WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Prices of US wholesale goods and services fell 0.1 percent in August, the Labor Department said Friday. The core producer price index -- adjusted to exclude food and energy goods -- also fell 0.1 percent.

An appeals court ruled Thursday that federal energy regulators shirked their duty when they declined to order power companies to refund consumers for overcharges during

US BLUE-chips recovered from an early fall to end higher as a drop in oil prices offset a profit warning from aluminium maker Alcoa, while a rise in Oracle fuelled a rally in technology stocks after a judge rejected a government attempt to block a

A federal judge in Dallas yesterday rejected a \$6 million settlement in a shareholder suit that alleged Halliburton Co. engaged in accounting fraud, saying the lead plaintiffs #39; lawyer mishandled the case and may have settled for too little money.

The state #39;s East Coast hadn #39;t been hit by a hurricane since 1999. That, and the fact that Florida hasn #39;t had its historic share of such storms in recent decades, has led to some complacency about their effects.

Here #39;s where some of the largest US and Canadian airlines stand in terms of restructuring their operations: - Air Canada: Will emerge from bankruptcy protection by end of September, with a smaller workforce, a reduced fleet, a focus on the no-frills

According to the FTSE World Index Japan has been best performer of the major markets with a 6 per cent rise in dollar terms while Germany, down 7.7 per cent, was the worst.

Chancellor Gordon Brown has expressed his determination to retain the British rebate on its contributions to the European Union #39;s annual budget.

AFP - Squeezed by a swelling public deficit and debt following last month's costly Athens Olympics, the Greek government said it would cut defence spending and boost revenue by 1.5 billion euros (1.84 billion dollars) in privatisation receipts.

At Charles Schwab, executives plan a return to the firm's original mission of serving mom-and-pop, buy-and-hold investors.

WASHINGTON : The Federal Reserve #39;s policy of gradual interest rate hikes is a sign the US economy does not need the stimulus that low rates supply, according to Cleveland Fed president Sandra Pianalto.

BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- A lot of people got excited when Fidelity Investments announced recently that it was cutting fees on five index mutual funds.

Qwest Communications International, the US telecommunications group, is understood to have agreed to pay \$250 million to end a two-year federal probe of alleged fraudulent accounting practices employed by former management.

LARRY Ellison, the chief executive of software maker Oracle, earned \$US3.85 million (\$5.53 million) in salary and bonus for the financial year that ended May 31.

VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC may resist calls to raise oil  output quotas much, if at all, when it meets this week for fear  of turning a decline from record prices into a rout.

Jarvis admitted yesterday it was in a race against time to raise enough cash from asset sales to satisfy lenders and keep trading beyond January.

LONDON, England -- UK-based advertising giant WPP Group says it has won the bidding to acquire US agency Grey Global. WPP, the world #39;s second-largest advertising company, said Sunday it had reached agreement

SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices climbed above \$43 on  Monday as energy companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico  braced for possible widespread output disruptions from a  powerful hurricane and Iraq saw some of the bloodiest violence  in weeks.

In recent years, hundreds of multinational companies have set up research laboratories in China.

Major Japanese automaker Suzuki Motor Corp. said Monday it has decided to set up a vehicle assembly plant and a new diesel engine factory in India to boost production in the country #39;s growing market.

US Airways Group Inc., the nation #39;s seventh-largest airline, filed for bankruptcy protection Sunday for the second time in two years.

The legal battle between UK phone manufacturer Sendo and Microsoft has been settled, the companies announced on Monday morning. Sendo had been suing Microsoft for the alleged theft of trade secrets, fraud

Hadley Weinzierl used Craigslist to furnish her Jamaica Plain apartment, and when she bought a Maltese puppy, she sought advice from fellow Craigslisters on a good vet, a cheap dog-walker, and a park where she could let the dog run without a leash.

Schering-Plough Corporation has announced that it has entered into a strategic agreement with Bayer designed to maximize the companies #39; pharmaceutical resources while maintaining each company #39;s own strategic interests.

Finance minister tells FT that asset sales to pay off tax debt will be market-oriented. MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin has promised that asset sales to pay off the tax debts of troubled

European Union finance ministers considered the ever-strengthening euro against the dollar Monday amid appeals for Washington to rein in its budget and current account deficits to stop the slide of the US currency.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wyeth Pharmaceuticals said on Monday it  received U.S. regulatory approval for a kit designed to help  patients with the blood disorder hemophilia get regular  treatments more quickly and safely.

Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday maintained its September sales forecast and said back-to-school demand picked up for key categories including electronics and clothing after a sluggish start.

Rogers Communications Inc. (RCIb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) confirmed on Monday it would buy AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. #39;s (AWE.

VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC may resist calls to raise oil  output quotas much, if at all, when it meets this week for fear  of turning a decline from record prices into a rout.

SAN DIEGO - San Diego County #39;s unemployment rate was 3.7 percent in August, down from a revised 4.4 percent in July and 4.3 percent a year ago, the California Employment Development Department reported today.

LONDON With its agreement to buy Grey Global Group, Sir Martin Sorrell has placed his London-based WPP Group in position to rival Omnicom Group as the world #39;s largest advertising company.

Disgruntled former Disney directors Roy Disney and Stanley Gold told Disney #39;s board Monday that CEO Michael Eisner should hit the road by early 2005 at the latest.

HOUSTON (Reuters) - Enron Corp. will pay \$321 million from  the proceeds of its sale of its pipeline arm to fund pension  plans for thousands of former employees, a government pension  agency said on Monday.

LOS ANGELES Sept. 13, 2004 - A consortium led by Sony Corp. has agreed in principle to acquire famed Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc.

TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei share average was up 0.56  percent in early morning trade on Tuesday as another jump in  U.S. technology shares encouraged investors to step up buying  in local counterparts such as Advantest Corp.

EU foreign ministers agreed Monday to tighten sanctions against Myanmar if it does not improve its human rights record by Oct. 8, when an EU meeting with Asian countries starts in Vietnam.

Revenues in key sectors of the US services industry grew in the second quarter, the government said on Monday in a new survey aimed at measuring growth in the giant tranche of the economy.

n the not-so-distant past, the names Burdines, Rich #39;s, Goldsmith #39;s, Bon March and Lazarus had a local glory as the emporiums where customers bought their back-to-school clothes and discovered their Mother #39;s Day presents.

A consortium led by Sony Corp. has agreed in principle to acquire famed Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. for nearly \$3 billion, MGM said late yesterday.

US Airways said yesterday it can emerge from bankruptcy a stronger airline, but acknowledged it needs deeper wage concessions from its pilots - something it has failed to get after two years of trying.

All regional Federated Department Stores will change their names to Macy #39;s in January, the company said yesterday. The decision affects regional department stores that operate as Burdines-Macy #39;s in Florida

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2  U.S. office supply retailer, on Tuesday forecast third-quarter  and full-year profits below Wall Street estimates due to  disruptions from recent hurricanes.

Reuters - U.S. retail sales dipped in August\and the U.S. gap with its international trade partners widened\to a record level in the second quarter of the year, government\reports released on Tuesday showed.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KR.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest U.S.  grocer, on Tuesday reported a 25 percent drop in quarterly  profit, hurt by debt redemption costs.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co. on Tuesday posted a 25  percent drop in quarterly profit and warned it may not reach  its sales target for the year, sending shares of the top U.S.  grocer down as it grapples with lingering fallout from a strike  in Southern California.

Fourth quarter hiring in the Buffalo Niagara Falls market is expected to be on the rise according to the latest Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.

Entertainment companies had been vying for MGM to get their hands on its library of more than 4,000 titles. Time Warner initially was seen as the front-runner in the race.

International Business Machines Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. will end an eight-year alliance that helped expand the US computer maker #39;s presence in the booming South Korean PC market.

McDonald #39;s (MCD) Tuesday raised its annual dividend by 38, a move the world #39;s largest restaurant chain said is another sign of its revitalization.

Worries that Hurricane Ivan will hurt oil production in the Gulf of Mexico boosted oil prices Tuesday. In mid-morning New York trading, oil for future delivery hit \$44.

Retail sales slid in August as people steered away from buying cars and shoppers kept a close eye on their spending after splurging in July.

SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. on Tuesday reported  a higher quarterly profit as the world's second largest  software company benefited from steady demand for its flagship  database software.

AUSTIN - The stock of Allied Waste Industries Inc. fell Tuesday after the waste hauler cut its 2004 profit outlook for the second time in as many months.

Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reported a 16 percent rise in quarterly net income as the world #39;s second largest software company benefited

INFLATION fell again in August, slipping further below the governments 2 per cent target, driven down by clothing and footwear retailers failing to raise prices after a poor summer.

Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc.'s pilots union on\Tuesday directed its negotiators to work out an agreement to\address the early retirement of a large number of pilots, which\threatens to push the No. 3 U.S. airline into a Chapter 11\bankruptcy filing.

CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Higher operating costs are canceling out expense reductions and cutting into Chiquita Brands #39; profit expectations for the third quarter, the company said Tuesday.

MORE than 5000 building workers and asbestos victims have rallied outside a general meeting for embattled building products company James Hardie in central Sydney today.

SABMiller, the world #39;s second largest brewer #39;s Chinese joint-venture, China Resources Breweries Limited (CRB) has acquired the Chinese brewing interests of Lion Nathan for an equity value of \$71-million and estimated assumed debt of \$83-million, CRM

VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC's core Gulf producers will  recommend the cartel raise supply quotas by one million barrels  a day, four percent, Kuwaiti Oil Minister Sheikh Ahmad al-Fahd  al-Sabah said on Wednesday.

A mutual fund manager long regarded by many as an advocate for the interests of fund shareholders is expected to pay \$5 million to settle charges he overcharged his own investors by nearly that amount, the Wall Street Journal

The Chicago Board Options Exchange said Tuesday its directors approved steps to reduce its financial ties to two other exchanges in town.

The US information tech sector lost 403,300 jobs between March 2001 and this past April, and the market for tech workers remains bleak, according to a new report.

British unemployment fell by 16,000 to 1.41 million between May and July, the lowest level since comparable records began in 1984, the Office for National Statistics said Wednesday.

HOUSTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Coast Guard shut five ports on  Wednesday in the Gulf of Mexico coast states of Alabama,  Florida and Mississippi as Hurricane Ivan churned nearer.

(CBS/AP) A former brokerage assistant who helped Martha Stewart make her fateful stock trade and later emerged as a key government witness was spared both prison and probation Friday for accepting a payoff during the government #39;s investigation.

Brazilian aircraft manufacturer Embraer (EMBR4.SA: Quote, Profile, Research) (ERJ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said it had suspended aircraft deliveries to US Airways (UAIR.

HP (Quote, Chart) was awarded a \$290 million, 10-year outsourcing contract with the Defense Logistics Agency #39;s (DLA) Enterprise Data Center (EDC) program, officials announced Wednesday.

Oracle Corp. handed the software industry some positive earnings news after the bell on Tuesday, but investors pulled cash from the sector on concerns that information technology spending has become anemic.

24-hour commission-free trading, 100-to-1 leverage of your capital, and Dealbook Fx 2 - our free advanced trading software. Sign up for our free 30-day trial and receive one-on-one training.

The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries has agreed to increase output by one million barrels a day in a move to lower oil prices.

NEW YORK Sept. 15, 2004 - Millionaire executive Martha Stewart announced Wednesday that she had decided to begin her prison sentence for lying about a stock trade as soon as possible.

Global financial markets are stronger and more resilient than at any time since the stock market bubble burst in the late 1990s, the International Monetary Fund said Wednesday.

Federal prosecutors announced on Wednesday that they had cracked a global cartel that had illegally fixed prices of memory chips in personal computers and servers for

Technology shares edged up in Asia on Tuesday, as crude oil prices hovered near \$44 a barrel and the dollar languished ahead of key US economic data.

The Securities and Exchange Commission sued two District men yesterday, charging them with improperly soliciting more than \$1.3 million for a real-estate-based Ponzi scheme by preying on fears about neighborhood gentrification.

Reuters - European shares opened steady on\Thursday, with French advertising group Havas falling after\news of a capital increase along with its first-half results\but Richemont rallied after reporting strong luxury goods\sales.

A Senate committee voted yesterday to scuttle new rules that critics say would deny overtime pay to millions of workers, as Democrats won the latest round in their election-year bout with President Bush over the issue.

GIANT MEMORY company Infineon will plead guilty to price fixing of DRAM chips and will pay \$160 million in fines to the US government.

Coca-Cola #39;s top executive said Wednesday the beverage maker needs to work harder, better execute its business strategy and improve its culture as he warned that third-quarter per-share income will drop at least 24 percent from a year ago.

LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar kept close to the previous  session's one-week highs against the euro on Thursday, holding  steady as investors awaited U.S. data to confirm fresh signs of  strength in U.S. manufacturing.

European leaders have been making false claims in a commercial-aircraft trade dispute pitting Boeing Co. (BA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) against its Europe-based rival Airbus, a US senator close to Boeing said on Thursday.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices inched up just  0.1 percent last month as gasoline and car prices tumbled, the  government said on Thursday in a report suggesting an inflation  spike earlier this year was an aberration.

Hurricane Ivan, which slammed into the US Gulf coast today, may cost insurers \$4 billion to \$10 billion, rivaling hurricanes Charley and Frances, Risk Management Solutions Inc.

TORONTO - Nortel Networks warned Thursday its third-quarter revenue will be below the \$2.6 billion US preliminary unaudited revenues it reported for the second quarter.

The IRS is gunning for your inherited IRA. Follow these steps to avoid costly penalties.

US consumer prices inched up just 0.1 percent last month as gasoline and car prices tumbled, the government said on Thursday in a report suggesting an inflation spike earlier this year was an aberration.

US and EU negotiators traded arguments on Thursday over state aid for aircraft rivals Airbus and Boeing, but wound up no closer on a sensitive issue that has gathered steam in the run up to the US presidential election.

US and EU negotiators disagreed on Thursday about state aid for aircraft rivals Airbus and Boeing, winding up no closer on a sensitive issue that has gathered steam before the US presidential election.

Aircraft maker Airbus insisted on Thursday it had no intention of taking sides in a Microsoft antitrust case, even though it filed a brief in an EU court on the software giant #39;s side.

Shares of Texas Instruments Inc. (TXN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) rose after the market close on Thursday, after the chip maker said it plans to buy back \$1 billion in stock

Corus, the Anglo-Dutch steel maker, celebrated its first ever profit yesterday and said its UK plants had contributed to the turnaround.

Knight Ridder Inc. expects third-quarter earnings to exceed expectations, largely due to a per-share gain of 9 cents related to the finalization of certain tax matters.

AP - Consumer prices barely budged in August, suggesting that inflation isn't currently a problem for the economy and Federal Reserve policy-makers can stick with a gradual approach to raising interest rates.

Goldman Sachs Group Inc. may be in talks with the founding family of top Japanese consumer finance firm Takefuji Corp. for a stake of over \$2.

Labor experts say Unite Here, the newly merged union that is representing the DC hotel workers in their current contract dispute, is one of the most outspoken and toughest unions under the AFL-CIO umbrella.

Many homeowners in the Orlando area suffered a double blow when hurricanes Charley and Frances struck in quick succession. Now, they #39;re smarting from a financial one-two punch - two insurance deductibles.

California lawyers who reached a \$1.1 billion class-action settlement with Microsoft will get less than half the legal fees they requested.

TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average fell for a third  straight session to hit a two-week closing low on Friday as  renewed earnings concerns prompted selling in Tokyo Electron  Ltd., Sony Corp. and other high-tech stocks.

WASHINGTON - Consumer prices barely budged last month, suggesting that inflation isn #39;t currently a problem for the economy and Federal Reserve policymakers can stick with a gradual approach to raising interest rates.

Qualcomm Inc. on Friday raised its quarterly profit forecast due to strong demand for its mobile phone technology. The San Diego company said it expects earnings per

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips advanced on Friday  after Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; raised its earnings forecasts, while  wireless technology provider Qualcomm Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=QCOM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;QCOM.O&lt;/A&gt; limited  gains on the Nasdaq after saying an accounting review may  reduce pretax income.

Knight Ridder Inc., publisher of the Miami Herald and the Philadelphia Inquirer, said third-quarter earnings will miss Wall Street estimates due to the impact of three recent hurricanes on its Florida newspapers.

Members of California's congressional team make one last effort to look good for the tech industry back home.

United Airlines, in a bankruptcy court filing in advance of a status hearing Friday, has revealed it needs to cut \$500 million more in costs than previously stated.

LOS ANGELES -- The labor dispute between workers at nine Los Angeles County hotels and their employers has intensified, with one of the hotels locking out its laundry workers and replacing them.

That U-shaped bike lock that you thought was so secure may be easy pickings for thieves who have nothing more sophisticated than a Bic pen.

Although the three hurricanes that have hit Florida led to a broad economic slowdown, the glimmerings of a miniboom are already apparent.

11 members of MCI Inc.'s former creditors committee asked for documents related to confidential communications between the company and its bondholders, according to federal bankruptcy court filings.

NEW YORK - Consumers #39; assessment of the economy held largely steady this month, according to a university research report released Friday.

S Airways plans to ask a federal bankruptcy judge on Oct. 7 to impose temporary pay cuts on its workers unless it can reach agreement with its unions before then, people who have been briefed on the company #39;s strategy said yesterday.

Business software maker PeopleSoft Friday said it was boosting compensation packages for all employees except its chief executive in a move that would raise the

Bad weather has been very good for business at Weather.com and other popular forecasting sites. They are posting record traffic in the wake of Hurricane Ivan's arrival on the mainland. By Joanna Glasner.

Coca-Cola Co. (KO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which warned earlier this week of lower-than-expected profits this year, said on Friday it will pay Chairman and Chief Executive Neville Isdell \$1.

People in Florida and Alabama have started to clean up after hurricane Ivan - the third such pummelling for Florida alone in just five weeks.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Airways lost the financing for  nearly 100 regional jets that were to be a key part of the  bankrupt airline's restructuring plan, The Washington Post  reported on Saturday.

The triumph last week of the Bic pen over expensive, state-of-the-art steel locks has panicked the bicycling community, and churned Internet rumor mills about how much the lock manufacturer knew and when the company knew it.

Are you used to getting a fat envelope from your bank with all your canceled checks? Well, soon those checks may not be in the mail.

COLUMBUS, Ohio -- It's 10 on a Friday night, and all 15-year-old Sylvia Fallon wants is to hang out with her friends at the mall.

The Canadian government is getting out of the oil-and-gas business by selling off its stake in Petro-Canada for about \$3.1 billion.

Jackson is one of the first to take advantage of Time Warner Cable #39;s new venture into Voice over Internet Provider (VoIP) telephone service here and she says it works great.

Air New Zealand and Qantas Airways have lost their bid to get their proposed alliance approved in New Zealand. New Zealand #39;s High Court declined the airlines #39; appeal against a NZ Commerce Commission decision to block the alliance.

New Zealand #39;s High Court rejected a proposed alliance between Air New Zealand Ltd., the nation #39;s largest airline, and Australia #39;s Qantas Airways Ltd.

General Motors Corp. won #39;t offer its top advanced vehicle development job to former Chrysler Group Chief Operating Officer Wolfgang Bernhard but likely will divvy it up instead

Unilever, the world #39;s largest maker of food and soap, cut its full-year earnings forecast after sales of ice cream and cold drinks slumped in Europe and demand for beauty and laundry products slowed.

Hynix Semiconductor, formerly Hyundai Electronics, was engaged in accounting fraud totaling 2 trillion won in 1999, financial regulators reported Monday.

Opinion I thought it was a joke when Oracle first announced that it was going to try to buy PeopleSoft; or, at best, a spoiling tactic over PeopleSoft #39;s acquisition of JD Edwards.

DUBAI Hyundai Heavy Industries, the world #39;s largest shipbuilder, has won a Saudi order for two large oil tankers as OPEC pumps near capacity, lifting supertanker prices.

LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hit \$46 on Monday after  Russia's YUKOS suspended some oil exports to China and concern  lingered over storm-related supply disruptions into the United  States.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Times Co. on Monday forecast  third-quarter and full-year earnings below Wall Street's  average targets on weak revenue so far in September, sending  its shares to two-year lows.

AFP - The United States should cuts its fiscal and trade deficits, while Europe and Japan should take steps to boost economic growth, IMF managing director Rodrigo Rato revealed.

Its official. Microcell Telecommunications Fido wireless service will be the new dog in Rogers Wireless Communications Canadian kennel, and that puppy wasnt cheap.

THE International Monetary Fund (IMF) is closing down its Harare representative office at the end of this month, virtually terminating threadbare relations with the crisis-racked southern African nation.

The Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise the federal funds rate at its policy meeting on Tuesday, Sept. 21, despite recent mixed economic news.

Looking for new ways to boost its revenue, America Online is launching an online shopping service that won #39;t require an AOL account to access.

BOSTON (CBS.MW) - Pharmaceutical powerhouse Pfizer is buying a 5 percent stake in biotechnology researcher Medarex under their newly signed collaboration deal, according to Medarex Chief Executive Donald Drakeman.

AIR New Zealand and Qantas Airways face the prospect of intensifying competition on its trans-Tasman route from other airlines now that a proposed alliance between the pair has been blocked, according to analysts.

Reuters - Opening arguments in the first criminal\case against former Enron Corp. employees are set to begin\after a federal court spent Monday whittling down a panel of\Houston-area residents to find an impartial jury in the city\still stinging from the company's downfall.

Federal Reserve policy-makers were expected to raise US interest rates on Tuesday for a third time this year, continuing to lift borrowing costs from rock

Nike Inc. (NKE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a 25 percent rise in quarterly profit, topping Wall Street estimates, on strong sales of Converse sneakers

Nestle confirmed its 2004 guidance on Tuesday, a day after competitors Unilever and Colgate-Palmolive cast doubts over the consumer goods industry #39;s outlook by issuing profit warnings.

SAN FRANCISCO -- PeopleSoft Inc. is trying to create a party-like atmosphere at its annual customer conference, but this week's gathering may feel more like a wake with rival Oracle Corp.'s \$7.7 billion takeover bid looming larger than ever.

SAN FRANCISCO -- Hoping to emerge from the shadow of its more popular rivals, Ask Jeeves Inc. is adding new tools for visitors to save and organize links to Web pages they find through the company's online search engine.

Crude hovers around \$46 a barrel amid demand from most populous country, damage reports from Ivan. LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held above \$46 a barrel Tuesday as China showed no letup in its strong demand

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks edged up on Tuesday as  investors expected the Federal Reserve to stay on a course of  "measured" interest-rate increases, while major Wall Street  investment banks rose on higher profits.

Online holiday shoppers this year are making cash registers jingle and meeting analysts #39; expectations as they spent \$8.8 billion in November, researchers said Monday.

A federal judge ordered Martha Stewart today to surrender for prison by Oct. 8, granting the Ms. Stewart's request to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale.

TORONTO (CP) - The Ontario Securities Commission is warning four Canadian mutual fund managers of  quot;potential enforcement proceedings quot; for improper trading.

Stephen J. Adler, deputy managing editor of The Wall Street Journal, has been named editor of Business Week magazine, succeeding Stephen B. Shepard, who announced last week that he would retire from the magazine to become the first dean of a new

Silverstein had hoped the 11-member jury would determine that the language of the insurance policy treated the attacks as two occurrences.

SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Contract electronics manufacturer  Jabil Circuit Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JBL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted a higher quarterly  profit on stronger demand for computers, cellphones and other  electronic products.

Oil prices hurdled \$47 a barrel Tuesday, with further declines in the nation #39;s supply expected in the short-term as petroleum producers disrupted by Hurricane Ivan continue to regroup.

SEPTEMBER 21, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - With 15,000 attendees at PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s Connect 2004 user show waiting to hear how the company would handle Oracle Corp.

FRANKFURT Joseph Ackermann, the Deutsche Bank chief executive, announced a much-anticipated personnel shake-up Tuesday aimed at solidifying leadership in its profitable investment banking business and restoring confidence in its commitment to Germany, the

Growth in the US economy this year is likely to be 4.3, the OECD forecast today, lowering an earlier forecast of 4.7. But the Japanese economy was set to grow by 4.4 instead of 3 forecast earlier and the euro zone by 2 instead of 1.6.

State regulators unanimously voted Tuesday to allow SBC Communications Inc. to charge competitors more to use its network, but it was unclear when, or if, that increase would be felt

NEW YORK - US internet ad revenue jumped to a record US\$2.37 billion (\$3.5 billion) in the second quarter, surpassing the highest levels of the dotcom era.

The White House could have closed a loophole through which student loan companies are billing the federal government nearly a billion dollars, but chose not to.

Steven Woghin, the former general counsel of Computer Associates, will plead guilty to criminal charges.

Pollen from a genetically modified grass was found 21 kilometres from where it was planted, scientists reported in a study published Tuesday, raising fears of transgenic crossbreeding.

NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Dina Dublon is resigning as chief financial officer after 23 years at JP Morgan Chase in a shakeup that further solidifies Jamie Dimon #39;s control at the nation #39;s second-biggest bank.

Vodafone has unveiled plans for 10 new third-generation handsets for Christmas to help shore up its struggling Japanese unit. Vodafone VOD.

The world's top air-express shipper said earnings soared on strong revenue growth in its international, ground and freight services.

As the threat of a hostile takeover by Oracle rumbles on, PeopleSoft has announced a \$1bn partnership with IBM. Speaking at PeopleSoft #39;s user conference in San Francisco yesterday, the company #39;s chief executive

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Morgan Stanley  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped 34 percent  amid reduced trading revenue, falling well short of Wall  Street's already-lowered expectations after a summer of  sluggish market activity.

WASHINGTON -- Verizon Wireless, the nation #39;s largest wireless carrier, clashed with other cellular carriers on Tuesday, telling a US Senate committee that a proposal for a national wireless telephone directory is a  quot;terrible idea quot; and that the proposal

Stocks fell on Wednesday after investment bank Morgan Stanley (MWD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said quarterly profit fell, casting doubt on corporate profit growth, while a brokerage downgrade on Cisco Systems Inc.

Automaker DaimlerChrysler AG said Wednesday it has signed a contract with Japan #39;s Mitsubishi Motors Corp. in which the two companies renewed their commitment to joint production and development projects.

DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; will likely  cut some jobs in Europe and may close a plant there as part of  a restructuring plan under development to try to return the  region to profitability, the U.S. automaker said on Wednesday.

The first witness in the first Enron criminal trial testified this morning she believed those higher up than both she and the Enron accountant now on trial were in on an effort to hide illicit

AFP - Investing remains risky in Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Kuwait, notably because the presence of US forces in the region makes these countries vulnerable to terrorist attacks, a security consulting firm said.

See you next year in Las Vegas , proclaimed a marquee at the PeopleSoft user conference in San Francisco in late September. It was one of many not-so-subtle attempts by the company to reassure its customers

A growing number of Brazilians are finding it increasingly difficult to get good jobs in big metropolitan areas like So Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, and are looking elsewhere.

British Energy, the nuclear generator, yesterday welcomed a decision by the European commission to approve a government-backed 5bn rescue plan.

Reuters - The dollar rose to a five-week high\against the yen on Thursday as rising oil prices hurt Asian\currencies and the market decided that U.S. interest rates were\still on a rising path.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fannie Mae used improper accounting  to manipulate its quarterly earnings reports, regulators said,  touching off the mortgage finance industry's second such  controversy in less than 18 months.

The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (Unctad) on Wednesday said that though global inflows of FDI fell in 2003 for the third year in a row to \$560 billion, prospects for the current year are promising.

OIL group Shell has pledged to invest \$45bn (25bn) and make major disposals in a shake-up of the business, following its reserves crisis earlier this year.

Fannie Mae chief executive Franklin D. Raines invited reporters to his Wisconsin Avenue headquarters a year ago to complain good-naturedly that recent disclosures of accounting manipulations at smaller rival Freddie Mac had unjustly hurt his company.

NEW YORK, September 22 (newratings.com) - A witness in the first Enron criminal trial, and a former executive at the company, testified today that she believed that the Enron executives now on trial were involved in an effort to hide an illicit deal

Union leaders representing pilots at American Eagle, the commuter division of American Airlines, have accepted a tentative contract agreement that includes pay raises.

The government has eviscerated Russia #39;s Western-style oil company, Yukos, in what has been widely viewed as political payback.

Onge. Interstate Bakeries Corp. has filed for bankruptcy, a casualty of rising costs and reduced demand for carbohydrate-rich breads and pastries, including its Wonder Bread and Hostess Twinkies.

Interstate Bakeries Corp. , the purveyor of lunch box staples Wonder Bread and Twinkies, filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday, felled by the combination of a more health conscious public and smothering operational costs.

Beleaguered British Energy has applied to delist its shares as it tries to stop shareholders from blocking a restructuring plan to keep the company in business.

Foreign investment levels decline in 2003, a UN report reveals, but there are signs of recovery - especially among developing nations.

LITTLE ROCK, Ark. A Mississippi man is suing Wal-Mart, claiming the world #39;s largest retailer discriminates against blacks from seeking truck-driving jobs in 12 Southern states, including Virginia.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks appeared set for a modest  rebound at the open on Thursday, as oil prices retreated a day  after spiking to more than \$48 a barrel, a rise that fueled a  sharp slide in stocks on concern that energy prices would hurt  corporate profits and consumer spending.

The search giant Google is rumoured to be working on its own web browser.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury yields held near  six-month lows on Thursday, though the market was struggling to  extend recent hefty gains in the face of profit-taking.

Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. is close to settling a class action lawsuit for \$220 million stemming from allegations that it colluded with other brokerages to mislead Enron Corp.

The business software maker inks a deal with IBM, but it isn't likely to dissuade Oracle.

A proposed bailout of Donald J. Trump #39;s casino company has been shelved, and Trump now says he may take the company private. The company #39;s shares fell 10 percent.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday it would restructure its KBR unit and may shed the  business if the company's stock performance continues to lag  behind peers.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped on Thursday after  Exxon Mobil Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt; was downgraded by a brokerage and oil  prices rose, raising investor concerns about the health of  corporate profits and economic growth.

Sanjay Kumar, the former chief executive of Computer Associates of Islandia, NY, pleaded innocent Thursday to charges he helped inflate financial results.

Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. saw its shares jump nearly 22 percent in its first day of trading Thursday after the company priced its initial public offering at the midpoint of its expected \$12 to \$14 price range.

Reuters - With oil prices close to  #36;50 a\barrel, the Bush administration is set to allow oil refineries\to borrow crude from the government's emergency petroleum\stockpile to make up for supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan,\a congressional source briefed on the pending decision told\Reuters on Thursday.

NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The federal government said Thursday it plans to loan a limited amount of crude oil from the nation #39;s strategic reserve in a bid to offset shortages caused by Hurricane Ivan.

American Airlines holding company AMR Corp. (AMR: Research, Estimates) on Wednesday said the airline #39;s August revenue was weaker than expected after hurricanes and high fuel prices

WASHINGTON Oil prices climbed toward \$49 per barrel Thursday even as the Bush administration considered drawing crude from the US emergency stockpile and lending it to refiners whose supplies were disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.

Jamaica last year attracted its highest level of Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) flows yet, US\$720.4 million, outperforming traditional powerhouse investment hosts such as Costa Rica, Trinidad and Tobago and even Argentina.

Ottawa has set a price per share of C\$64.50 (\$50.42) in the sale of its 19 percent stake in Petro-Canada (PCA.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) , as analysts

ID Biomedical Corp. (IDB.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (IDBE.O: Quote, Profile, Research) signed a 10-year US distribution deal for its Fluviral drug that could reap

NEW YORK, Sept. 23 -- Investment banking firm Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. is nearing an agreement to pay approximately \$200 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit over its work for bankrupt energy trader Enron Corp., sources familiar with the case said.

TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average dropped 1.65  percent by mid-afternoon on Friday and was on course for a  sixth day of losses as worries over high oil prices and  uncertainty over the U.S. economic and market outlook hit a  broad range of stocks.

LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rose on Friday,  with a rally in Japanese government bond (JGB) prices helping  the market recover some ground from the previous day's  sell-off.

General Electric Co. yesterday agreed to a settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which accused the company of failing to provide shareholders

Cadbury Schweppes Plc, the maker of Dr Pepper and 7Up, said results will be at the lower #39; #39; end of the range it has targeted in the current fiscal year because of lack of demand in the US and European drinks markets.

Big Blue --a white knight? It #39;s easy to see how industry watchers got carried away with speculation that IBM (IBM ) might be riding to rescue of beleaguered PeopleSoft (PSFT ). On Sept.

Alitalia signed a deal with eight of nine unions Friday to split the loss-making Italian airline in two - part of the company #39;s plan to stave off bankruptcy.

LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices inched higher on  Friday, with a rally in Japanese government bond (JGB) prices  helping the market recover some ground from the previous day's  sell-off.

The head of US aircraft maker Boeing, Harry Stonecipher, said Friday that the recovery in the sector would not be as strong as arch-rival Airbus was anticipating.

Aircraft refuellers at Heathrow Airport have vowed to push ahead with strike plans this weekend, potentially disrupting flights, after last-ditch pay talks collapsed, their union says.

Reuters - Boeing Co. Chief Executive Harry\Stonecipher said on Friday the U.S. aircraft maker's archrival\Airbus was exaggerating the speed of recovery in the commercial\airplane market.

LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's financial regulator will step  up scrutiny of investment banks' management of conflicts of  interest and risk in the wake of a number of high profile cases  such as WorldCom, Enron and Parmalat.

London - A 48-hour strike by aircraft refuellers at London Heathrow airport got under way on Friday, with baggage handlers at Gatwick airport also preparing to walk out, threatening a weekend of travel disruptions.

A consortium led by Sony Corp. of America that includes Comcast Corp. has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Metro-Goldwyn Mayer Inc.

Reuters - Orders for long-lasting U.S. durable\goods slipped unexpectedly in August as civilian aircraft\demand plunged, but beat forecasts once transportation was\stripped out, government data showed on Friday.

TORONTO -- One of Canada #39;s largest and best-known miners, Noranda Inc., is in exclusive talks to be acquired by a Chinese metals producer, the two companies confirmed Friday.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators may file  suit against Morningstar Inc., a provider of mutual fund and  stock research, over incorrect data it published about a mutual  fund, the company said on Friday.

Physicians in a northwest Maryland county plan to halt non-emergency surgeries for at least two weeks to protest a 33 percent increase in malpractice insurance premiums.

US stocks got a mild boost on Friday as government data showed better-than-expected demand in August for durable goods other than transportation equipment, but climbing oil prices limited gains.

Cranberry juice rivals Ocean Spray and Northland have ended their legal battle and agreed to join forces. The companies said Friday that Ocean Spray will take over its smaller rival #39;s

Looking to expand its fruit receiving and concentrating operations in the nation #39;s largest cranberry-producing state, Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc.

Concern over the fate of former Computer Associates International chairman and CEO Sanjay Kumar accompanied the collective sigh of relief felt by CA partners last week when federal prosecutors settled a two-year-old accounting fraud investigation with the

SAN DIEGO - In the wake of another downgrading of San Diego #39;s credit rating, Mayor Dick Murphy today reassured the public that the city is fiscally sound.

President Vladimir V. Putin said on Friday that state-run companies might bid for assets of Yukos in any sale to collect back taxes.

US Airways' 28,000 employees waited last night for the airline to file a petition with the judge in its bankruptcy proceeding, seeking to void existing labor contracts and impose a 23 percent pay cut on workers.

Oil futures hit a record high Friday as the government began lending oil from emergency reserves to refineries running low on crude after Hurricane Ivan.

The fallout from allegations of serious accounting problems at Fannie Mae has rattled investors and could even bump up mortgage rates down the road.

S Airways said yesterday that it would ask a bankruptcy judge to approve emergency pay cuts - which its unions said would be 23 percent - and other moves to raise cash.

NEW YORK, Sept 23 (AFP) - Oil prices edged closer to record territory Thursday as markets shrugged off news that the US government may draw from its strategic reserves to make up for shortages due to Hurricane Ivan.

Russian President Vladimir Putin said state-run companies may bid for OAO Yukos Oil Co. assets in any sale to collect back taxes, raising the prospect of further government control over the nation #39;s oil and gas industry.

The Senate is expected to vote on the overall \$3.3 billion spending plan for the state Department of Transportation, which supports state and local highway programs, public transportation programs and department administration (House Bill 5528).

A strike by hundreds of baggage handlers and maintenance workers at Gatwick Airport failed to disrupt flights today. The workers mounted picket lines outside

The benchmark two-year US Treasury note had its biggest weekly decline in a month on speculation the Federal Reserve will follow up this week #39;s interest-rate increase with at least one more this year.

Boeing has received downpayments for up to 200 of its new 7E7 planes in addition to the known 52 orders it has gained, Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher said in an interview published on Thursday.

BERLIN: Boeing Co. Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher has said the US aircraft makers archrival Airbus was exaggerating the speed of recovery in the commercial airplane market.

Troubled carrier US Airways has asked a US bankruptcy court to impose big wage and cost cuts, warning that otherwise it might fail to survive.

Gordon Brown says the UK will write off its share of debts owed by the world's poorest countries to the World Bank.

COLES Myer Ltd chief executive Mr John Fletcher yesterday said he was interested in branching out from the retail business into financial planning services for the groups customers.

Bill Gates, the founder of Microsoft, still remains the richest person in the USA, according to Forbes Magazine. Gates has been keeping the first place for already 11 year in a raw among the richest Americans.

No ticket matched all four numbers and the MegaBall in Friday #39;s Mega Money drawing of the Florida Lottery. The numbers drawn were 10-18-19-22; the Megaball was 6. Twelve tickets matched four of the numbers

Tokyo stocks shed more than 1 percent Friday, extending declines to a sixth straight session driven by Wall Street #39;s weakness and worries that higher oil prices may crimp corporate profits.

Crude oil prices neared their all-time record high of \$49.40 US as supply fears in Iraq and other key producers pushed up early trade Monday, while the market took stock of hurricane Ivan #39;s impact on oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico.

That is the one-word message of advice that citizens wanted to send to members of Congress at the end of last week. Both the House of Representatives and the Senate looked as if they are having trouble seizing

SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore #39;s industrial output rose a smaller-than-expected 5.3 on year in August, as the production of pharmaceuticals fell sharply from a high base a year ago.

Adobe has updated Photoshop #39;s support for digital cameras #39; RAW image formats. The new plug-in adds to the number of camera models supported and includes a utility for converting images into the DNG, digital negative format.

MILLIONS of pounds are likely to be wiped off profits at the Caribbean arm of furniture retailer Courts following the devastating impact of Hurricane Ivan.

Finance Minister P Chidambaram will lead a high-level delegation for the annual IMF-World Bank meeting in Washington from October 1, where New Delhi would press for higher aid flows for infrastructure and social development.

Walgreen Co., the largest US drugstore chain, said fourth-quarter profit rose 18 percent, helped by sales of prescription drugs. Net income had its biggest gain in almost two years, climbing

Shares of ESS Technology (ESST.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , a maker of computer chips for DVD equipment, fell 4.4 percent in premarket trading on Monday after the company lowered its third-quarter revenue and earnings

NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Comcast said Monday that it has an option to cut its stake in Time Warner Cable to 17 percent from 21 percent in exchange for stock in a unit that will hold cable-television systems and cash.

The auto maintenance company has a simple business but a complicated prognosis.

Microsoft attorney Brad Smith, said:  quot;We will certainly be prepared to comply with the court #39;s order whatever it may be. We have invested a tremendous amount of time and energy and spent millions

CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp. tumbled Monday after the company disclosed that a grand jury was looking into the buying-office commissions the retailer pays to a non-US subsidiary.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were knocked lower on  Monday, with the Dow dipping briefly below 10,000, as record  high oil prices threatened to hurt corporate profits and a  brokerage downgrade hit semiconductor shares.

Fannie Mae, facing questions about its accounting similar to those that shook up Freddie Mac last year, has agreed to changes that will bring it in compliance with accounting standards.

ALEXANDRIA, Va. Sept. 27, 2004 - US Airways Group Inc. warned in a bankruptcy court filing that it may have to liquidate by February if a judge does not impose a temporary 23 percent pay cut on its union workers.

ROUND ROCK, Texas -- Dell Inc. and America Online Inc. announced a partnership Monday to provide 5,000 low-income students with free refurbished personal computers and a year #39;s worth of Internet access.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices climbed on Monday  as investors bet oil prices near record highs might dent U.S.  consumption and force the Federal Reserve to slow the pace of  interest rate hikes.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - NYMEX crude oil futures jumped 36  cents in electronic trading on Monday evening to the  psychological \$50 a barrel level, the highest in the 21 years  oil futures have traded on the exchange, as Nigerian rebels  decided an "all-out" war against the government starting Oct.  1.

Oil prices rose to record highs Monday near \$50 a barrel for US crude as Nigeria emerged as the latest focus for worries about supply in an already tight worldwide energy market.

MONTREAL, Canada : Sky-high oil costs will keep air transport profits in the basement, with losses between three billion and four billion dollars this year, despite a pickup in traffic, the international air trade association said.

Walgreen Co. (WAG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the top US drugstore chain, on Monday said quarterly profit rose 18 percent on strong sales of prescription drugs

Crude oil futures rose above \$50 a barrel in New York on concern rebel attacks in Nigeria may reduce production while US inventories are near a 29-year low because of disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan.

The blue-chip Dow Jones average closed below 10,000 for the first time in about six weeks on Monday as a spike in oil prices to nearly \$50 a barrel renewed concerns about corporate profits while analysts cutting recommendations hurt

Vodafone said today it remained keen on purchases in France, eastern Europe and Asia and Africa as it detailed annual cost cuts expected to reach 2.

SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Fueled by new supply worries in the United States and Nigeria, crude-oil futures made history Monday when the price topped \$50 per barrel late Monday and one analyst said additional disruptions could push prices to \$60 per barrel

A former executive who was a participant in the wrongdoing that helped cripple Enron testified on Monday, providing the first glimpse through the eyes of a principal of

Crude oil prices settled at \$49.64 a barrel, up 76 cents as traders expressed concern that recent hurricanes had hurt output in the United States.

Harrah #39;s Entertainment Inc. and Caesars Entertainment Inc. agreed to sell four casino hotels to an affiliate of Colony Capital LLC for about \$1.

TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average fell 0.4  percent to a six-week closing low on Tuesday, marking an  eight-day losing streak, after oil prices topped \$50 a barrel,  fanning concern over the business outlook for Japanese  companies.

Banknorth Group Inc.'s biggest investors are voicing concerns about the proposed sale of a controlling stake to Toronto-Dominion Bank .

Catalyst Fund General Partner I Inc., a disgruntled shareholder of Hollinger Inc., claimed yesterday that the company #39;s independent board members have demanded the resignations of Conrad Black, his wife and other insiders -- a charge disputed by the

Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp. plummeted 22 percent yesterday following Friday #39;s announcement that the apparel maker #39;s US division received subpoenas from the US Attorney #39;s Office regarding

Citigroup Inc., the world #39;s biggest bank, named Sallie Krawcheck chief financial officer and head of strategy, making her the highest-ranking woman on Wall Street and giving her responsibilities outside the brokerage industry.

Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Mobile has forecast substantially higher earnings and margins, but disappointing predictions for service revenue

Three British bankers will today begin fighting extradition to the US on fraud charges related to Enron Corp., the first test of new British extradition laws.

Reuters - Pepsi Bottling Group Inc. , the\largest bottler of Pepsi drinks, on Tuesday said quarterly\profit rose on volume growth in the United States and Europe.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Telecommunications equipment maker  Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday that it would cut 1,000  jobs and take charges of about \$50 million for severance  benefits as it tries to increase productivity.

PC shipments in the second quarter grew faster than any three-month period since 1999, IDC said Monday, citing the continued pent-up demand for replacement systems as the driving force behind the sales surge.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher on Tuesday,  with beaten down shares offering bargains to investors and oil  producer stocks bolstered by crude oil prices breaking through  the \$50 a barrel mark.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Telecommunications equipment maker  Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday that it would cut 1,000  jobs and take related charges of about \$50 million to focus on  its wireless business.

Vehicle tool maker sees profit below forecasts amid high steel prices, soft demand in Europe. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Snap-on Inc., which makes vehicle-repair tools, said Tuesday its third-quarter and full-year

US economic growth is expected to slow in 2005 due to rising interest rates and high crude oil prices, according to a forecast of participants at a Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago conference released on Monday.

ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home improvement retailer Lowe's Cos.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said it expects diluted earnings per share  to rise in both 2005 and 2006 as it benefits from increased  remodeling activity and home ownership.

WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Tuesday cut the debt rating of BellSouth and SBC Communications, citing stiff competition and potential problems in absorbing AT amp;T Wireless.

A decision on labor relief may be the difference between survival and liquidation.

AFP - US consumer confidence fell for the second straight month in September as the outlook for jobs deteriorated, the Conference Board said.

German-American automaker DaimlerChrysler and Canadian transportation company Bombardier have settled a dispute over the 2001 sale of railcar maker Adtranz, the companies said in statements Tuesday.

Bombardier Inc. (BBDb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) and DaimlerChrysler AG (DCXGn.DE: Quote, Profile, Research) ended a three-year dispute over the Montreal company #39;s acquisition of train

NEW YORK (Reuters) - ConAgra Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said private equity firm Hicks, Muse, Tate   Furst Inc.  exercised its option to buy the company's minority stake in  Swift Foods, and that ConAgra received \$194 million in the  transaction.

A jury in federal court in Tennessee has ordered Medtronic Inc. to pay at least \$109 million to an inventor in a dispute over rights to spinal fusion technology.

SEATTLE -- Amazon.com has filed three lawsuits in King County Superior Court against unidentified defendants who allegedly forged e-mails and Web sites to fool consumers into thinking they are doing business with the Internet retailer.

elta Air Lines said yesterday that it was cutting the pay of executives and other salaried workers by 10 percent and making other changes meant to help it avoid a bankruptcy filing.

Wall Street, which forced Google, the Internet search engine, to sharply lower the price of its shares in its initial public offering in August, has decided that the company is worth a lot more today than it was then.

Rather than rapping knuckles after abuse is uncovered, chairman William H. Donaldson wants the SEC staff to work with and get to know Wall Street well enough to get the jump on problems before  investors lose money.

Foreign-exchange trading surged to a record daily average of \$1.9 trillion this year as hedge funds and other money managers increased bets on currencies, according to the Bank for International Settlements.

TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei fell 0.19 percent by  midday on Wednesday, erasing initial gains and extending losses  into a ninth straight day as worries about high oil prices and  domestic economic uncertainty hit exporters and tech stocks.

SOMERS, NY - Pepsi Bottling Group Inc., the largest bottler of PepsiCo Inc. beverages, Tuesday said its profit for the latest quarter rose 4.4 percent as volume improved.

Although Motorola Inc. announced it is cutting 1,000 jobs at its facilities worldwide, Chandler economic development officials Tuesday said the city should not see a negative impact at the company #39;s two sites.

Shares in UK department store group House of Fraser have risen after the firm said it had cut half-year losses and was seeing solid sales growth.

LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets rose and absorbed  three separate share placings on Wednesday, boosted by Wall  Street's strong finish while oil prices held close to \$50 a  barrel ahead of U.S. oil inventory data.

WASHINGTON - The green is still there, but with touches of blue, red and yellow. A stylized image of the Stars and Stripes now waves in the background.

The Earth Simulator, an NEC supercomputer, is surpassed, at last. IBM announced yesterday that its Blue Gene/L supercomputer had achieved a sustained performance of 36.

If Fannie Mae (FNM) is hampered by new limits on its operations, shareholders of the USA #39;s biggest mortgage-investment company are likely to feel the pinch more than the nation #39;s mortgage borrowers.

Ahead of the International Monetary Fund-World Bank meeting, the World Bank on Tuesday placed India as the fourth largest economy in terms of purchasing power parity, even as it said the country lagged behind in technology and efficiency.

Telecommunications equipment maker Agere Systems Inc. said Wednesday it will lay off 500 employees, or 7.6 per cent of its workforce, as part of a corporate restructuring.

Scheduled to fly out of bankruptcy-court shelter this week, Air Canada announced a deal Wednesday to buy 45 Embraer aircraft in a deal worth at least \$1.

LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices dropped from record highs  above \$50 a barrel on Wednesday as the U.S. government reported  a surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria's  oil-rich delta region agreed a cease-fire.

Jos. A. Bank Clothiers (JOSB:Nasdaq - news - research) posted a handsome third-quarter profit Monday, as strong Internet and catalogue sales helped drive a 17 hike in net income.

That prison is located in West Virginia which means that she is not headed to a facility in Connecticut or Florida, as she had hoped.

In a fresh blow to Europe #39;s antitrust enforcers, a top appeals tribunal said regulators wrongly blocked MCI WorldCom #39;s aborted bid to buy Sprint Corp in 2000.

MONTREAL : Air Canada said it sealed a deal with Brazil #39;s Embraer SA for 45 Embraer-190 aircraft, worth 1.35 billion US dollars at list price.

Hotel workers at four San Francisco hotels have commenced a two-week strike this morning after working without a union contract for more than six weeks.

Colombia is back in business and the Andean country has ample room for growth backed by aggressive and transparent government policies but with some challenges

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday  as investors snapped up semiconductor shares at bargain prices  and bought some blue chips after crude oil retreated from  record high prices.

In January Disney and Pixar terminated their talks to extend a distribution partnership that has created such cartoon hits as  quot;Finding Nemo quot; and the  quot;Toy Story quot; series.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Travel and real estate heavyweight  Cendant Corp. on Wednesday said it will buy travel Web site  Orbitz Inc. for about \$1.25 billion, making it the  second-largest competitor in the online travel industry.

In another move to cut costs, Continental Airlines is closing 14 of its ticketing offices systemwide, including three in the Houston area.

Federal prosecutors yesterday announced new perjury and obstruction-of-justice charges against HealthSouth Corp. founder Richard M. Scrushy, accusing the former chief executive of the rehabilitation

Reuters - Investment bank Lehman Brothers\Holdings Inc. is negotiating to buy GLG Partners, a large\British hedge fund, the Wall Street Journal reported on\Thursday, citing unnamed sources.

Boston Scientific Corp. and Medtronic Inc. , competing to enter the US market for stents that keep neck arteries open, said separate studies showed their devices prevent complications including stroke after 30 days.

IBM Corp. on Wednesday said it has developed the world #39;s fastest computer - a 16,000-processor version of its BlueGene/L supercomputer.

The number of Americans seeking initial jobless benefits jumped by 18,000 last week, the government said on Thursday, but it attributed the entire rise to the effects of hurricanes that have battered the southern United States.

NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - General Mills announced plans Thursday to start using healthier whole grains in all of its ready-to-eat cereals, including children #39;s cereals such as Trix, Cocoa Puffs and Lucky Charms.

European shares turned negative and government bonds were struggling for direction on Thursday after US data showed subdued inflation numbers, flat spending and a rise in unemployment.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were lower on Thursday  after drug company and Dow component Merck   Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; said it  was withdrawing a key drug, casting a dark mood over the market  as oil prices remained above \$49 a barrel.

GOLDEN VALLEY, Minn. -- Breakfast cereal maker General Mills is converting all of its cereals to whole grain. The company says it becomes the first leading food company to make the move involving cereals.

OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said it would eliminate about 10 percent of its work  force, slightly less than previously estimated, and consolidate  real estate in a cost-cutting plan that will save \$500 million  in 2005.

Its Saturday Night Live version of "Trivial Pursuit" is good strategy for staying ahead of age compression.

Global lenders need to offer more grants and debt relief to poor countries and tailor lending toward the private sector, Treasury Secretary John Snow said today.

The eastern span of the Oakland-San Francisco Bay Bridge, currently under construction and over budget, will be re-bid, according to Sunne Wright McPeak, secretary of California #39;s Business, Transportation and Housing Agency, which oversees Caltrans, the

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; pulled its  arthritis drug Vioxx off the market on Thursday after a study  showed it doubled the risk of heart attack and stroke. The move  sent the company's shares plunging almost 27 percent and erased  \$25 billion of its market value.

Global semiconductor sales rose 1.1 percent to \$18.2 billion in August from the previous month and it appears as though chip inventories are declining, an industry trade group said Thursday.

The Trix Rabbit and that Lucky Charms leprechaun are going on a whole-grain diet. General Mills announced Thursday that it will convert all of its breakfast cereals to whole grain.

METCASH stunned long-term suitor Foodland (FOA) yesterday with an audacious \$846 million takeover bid to create a supermarket heavyweight better able to compete with its bigger rivals.

Federal prosecutors in Washington have opened an investigation into possible wrongdoing at mortgage giant Fannie Mae, just days after regulators accused

WASHINGTON -- Federal prosecutors have opened an investigation into possible wrongdoing at mortgage giant Fannie Mae , just days after regulators accused the company of shoddy accounting practices, according to sources familiar with the probe.

TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average closed up 1.49 percent  on Friday, the first day of the fiscal second half, as a strong  reading in the Bank of Japan's "tankan" business survey  prompted investors at home and abroad to jump into the market.

Netflix, the online DVD rental company, and TiVo yesterday said they will work together to deliver movies digitally down the wires, presumably specifically to the latter #39;s PVR equipment.

BAE Systems shares slid more than 4 per dcent in early trade after the company, while announcing  quot;good progress quot; on its Eurofighter contracts, admitted further troubles in the controversial al-Yamamah programme.

A prescription painkiller used by more than 250,000 Australians to treat arthritis has been withdrawn from sale after a clinical trial found it doubled the risk of heart attack and stroke.

German industrial giant Siemens has signed a 2.69bn contract to deliver technology services around the world to the BBC, a deal that will see it acquire the broadcasters technology subsidiary.

Palo Alto-based Hewlett-Packard Co. has bought IT services company Synstar plc, of Bracknell, England for about \$293.3 million. Synstar has some 1,500 customers across Europe, selling IT support for various computer platforms.

DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; posted its fourth  consecutive month of weaker U.S. sales with a 7 percent drop in  September results on Friday, and the automaker doubled its  incentives on some models to kick-start sales this month.

The San Francisco Multi-Employer Group announced this morning that it has locked out UNITE HERE Local 2 employees from 10 hotels and staffed the vacated positions with replacement workers.

The Blackberry wireless device maker is straining to exceed expectations.

Level 3 today announced that it has purchased Sprint #39;s wholesale dial-up Internet access business for \$34 million in cash. Sprint is one of the largest providers of wholesale dial-up service to ISPs in North America.

MONTREAL - Molson Inc. has served up a warning of disappointing summer-quarter earnings, saying sales have been slow in Canada and profitability has been squeezed in Brazil.

Your company made it to Fortune's 100 Fastest Growing Companies list. Is that a good thing?

China says it will move toward a flexible exchange rate for its currency, but there is no word on how long such a transition will take.

BIRMINGHAM, Ala. They #39;re closing eight Saks Fifth Avenue stores and three Off Fifth outlet stores. Saks Incorporated says shutting down weaker stores will allow the company to focus on its more  quot;productive quot; locations and further strengthen its brand.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan  Greenspan on Friday said he was very worried Congress would try  to thwart efforts by the Financial Accounting Standards Board  to require expensing of stock options.

Sept. 30, 2004 -- Long-term use of the painkiller Vioxx doubles a person #39;s risk of heart attack and stroke, a huge clinical trial shows.

New York retailing group Saks said Friday it will close 11 stores and shed 700 jobs. The company said it will close down eight Saks Fifth Avenue stores and three Off 5th Avenue

Saks says shutting down weaker stores will allow the company to focus on its more  quot;productive quot; locations and further strengthen its brand.

The withdrawal of Vioxx may take a bite out of Merck  amp; Co. #39;s revenues, but it isn #39;ta setback for arthritis patients, doctors said Friday, because dozens of other drugs offer the same symptom relief.

The former official was sentenced after acknowledging that she had favored the Boeing Company in Pentagon contracts while seeking a job at the company for herself.

China made its debut last night in the club of the world's leading economic powers, asinternational pressure mounts to change a decade-old currency peg that critics accuse of giving Chinese products an unfair competitive edge.

The former Fannie Mae employee who assisted federal regulators in an investigation of the company's accounting will not testify at a congressional hearing next week.

tocks rose yesterday amid heavy trading on the first day of the fourth quarter as PeopleSoft and chip-related stocks sent the Nasdaq to its highest level in more than two months.

Developing countries on Friday urged the International Monetary Fund (IMF to develop effective lending facilities to assist countries in the prevention of financial crisis.

A few weeks ago the then-CEO of PeopleSoft, Craig Conway, posed the following question to attendees at a technology conference:  quot;Have you ever had a bad dream that never ended?

Auto sales soared 10 in September, led by a 25 surge at General Motors and increases for Chrysler and Toyota. GM had its biggest gain in two years after boosting rebates.

The state #39;s Adult Protective Services agency will get an emergency infusion of \$10 million to correct the kinds of problems that have arisen in El Paso.

Hopes of a deal to write off completely the debts of some of the world #39;s poorest countries were dashed after the Group of Seven rich nations club failed to reach agreement.

Shares surged on Wall Street on Friday night, pushing the Dow over 100 points higher, as tech stocks rallied and drug giant Merck staged a 1 per cent rebound following its 26 per cent fall on Thursday.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - A new reporting period for company  earnings kicks into gear next week, giving investors a bit of  hard data to chew on, and markets could be volatile if the  price of crude oil stays north of \$50 a barrel.

AFP - Facing a global economy on the mend but threatened by surging oil prices and other factors, IMF and World Bank policymakers opened two days of meetings Saturday to discuss ways to keep the recovery on track.

WASHINGTON Oct. 2, 2004 - The United States and its major economic allies struggled Saturday to resolve deep differences over how best to relieve the heavy debt burden for Iraq and the world #39;s poorest countries.

With 40 years of textile quotas about to be abolished in a move to help developing nations, a group of the world #39;s poorest countries are asking for a different approach: special trade deals to protect them from a free-for-all.

Media owner Belo Corp. said Wednesday that it would cut 250 jobs, more than half of them at its flagship newspaper, The Dallas Morning News, and that an internal investigation into circulation overstatements

Washington, Oct. 2: In the face of growing international pressure, Chinese officials told top US officials on Friday that they would continue to push ahead with plans to float or revalue their currency, but

Last Wednesday, at the stroke of noon, one of the most lucrative prizes in Russia #39;s oil industry went under the hammer. Russia #39;s Federal Property Fund, which controls sales of state assets, auctioned a 7.6

If you've ever wondered what ignited America's late-1990s obsession with telecom and tech stocks, you could well argue it all started with Lucent Technologies .

Oct. 11 issue - Last week Merck pulled its blockbuster arthritis-and-pain-relief drug Vioxx from the market. This week the 1.27 million Americans who were taking it are wondering what to do.

The recent spike in oil prices has had some negative impact on the US economy, but the futures markets suggest that this will be a temporary phenomenon, a top Fed official said on Sunday.

AP - The Dutch supermarket retailer Ahold, seeking to streamline global operations and reduce debt, said Sunday it will sell its holdings in Spain to Permira Funds for about  #36;849 million.

In a world in which the fortune OF a pharmaceutical company can rise and fall on the strength of a handful of blockbuster drugs, Vioxx was a giant.

Japanese stocks rose 1.9 percent by midsession on Monday as a strong performance by US semiconductor-related stocks gave a push to Japanese peers such as Advantest Corp.

Prescription-drug recalls aren #39;t common, and they #39;re almost always controversial. Now that Merck (MRK ) is voluntarily withdrawing its Vioxx pain medication around the world, due to a heightened risk of cardiovascular

WASHINGTON, Oct 2 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush said Saturday he would renew some of the huge tax cuts that form a cornerstone of his economic rejuvenation policy and chided Democratic challenger John Kerry for opposing the cuts.

I picked up my 6-year-old son from school last week, and we drove to Wal-Mart to see the future for paper checks. We grabbed a few of life #39;s staples: some Legos, a pack of 3x5 cards to create

MILWAUKEE - Paul Attanasio says the story of his brother buying a baseball team is like a script straight out of Hollywood. He should know.

Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average jumped 2.5 percent by mid-afternoon on Monday as semiconductor-related stocks such as Advantest Corp. mirrored a rally by their US peers while banks and brokerages extended last week #39;s gains.

Tokyo stocks finished sharply higher Monday, fueled by Wall Street #39;s gains last week. The US dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.

The economy probably added 150,000 jobs in September and the unemployment rate held steady at 5.4, a three-year low, according to a survey of economists.

Top shares have jumped to their highest level for 27 months, tracking a buoyant start to the fourth quarter across global stock markets and as takeover speculation continues to rumble among banks and elsewhere.

Office Depot Inc. (ODP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said Chairman and Chief Executive Bruce Nelson resigned  quot;by mutual agreement quot; with the board, after four years at the helm.

Office Depot Inc. (ODP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US office supply chain, on Monday said Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bruce Nelson has resigned and a search for his successor is underway.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, fresh from  firing its chief executive amid a hostile takeover bid from  Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O, target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O,&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said quarterly revenue would  exceed Wall Street's expectations, helped by an increase in  customers making larger orders for its business software.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Supreme Court on Monday let  stand a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card  associations violated federal antitrust law by barring their  member banks from issuing credit and charge cards on the rival  networks of American Express Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AXP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AXP.N&lt;/A&gt; and Morgan Stanley.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt;.

TOKYO: Rising oil prices are unlikely to deal a major blow to global economic growth although the trend may seem  quot;uncomfortable, quot; a researcher with the International Monetary Fund says.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - SunGard Data Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SDS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SDS.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it would spin off its data recovery business,  sending its stock up 11 percent to a four-month high.

SBC on Monday announced a new service that integrates voice messages, faxes and e-mails into a single mailbox that can be accessed from anywhere by phone or the Internet.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brinker International Inc. which  operates the Chili's restaurant chain, on Monday said it  received a demand from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service  regarding the company's share of FICA taxes on unreported tips  of \$31.4 million during 2000 to 2002.

WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Supreme Court on Monday  let stand a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card  associations violated U.S. antitrust law by barring member  banks from issuing credit and charge cards on rival networks  owned by American Express Co. and Morgan Stanley.

OWEGO, United States : A group of technology and telecommunications heavyweights led by Lockheed Martin Corp has won a potential three billion dollar contract from the US Postal Service to revamp its vast data communication networks, Lockheed Martin said.

Would you pay \$4 for something that, at best, is worth a dime? Concord Communications shareholders would.

Shares of the new Air Canada pushed higher as they began trading today, gaining more than 25 percent from their issue price of \$20.

The Supreme Court on Monday let stand a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card associations violated US antitrust law by barring

SUPREME COURT - The Supreme Court is refusing to hear a challenge to the federal do-not-call telephone registry. Telemarketers have been trying to invoke free-speech rights to do away with the ban on unwanted phone solicitations.

After 10 years of focusing on product development and delivery, CEO Michael Lawrie says Siebel had to recognize that technology is only one part of the CRM equation.

WILMINGTON: The former chief executive of PeopleSoft, who was fired last week, said he lied to Wall Street analysts last year about the impact of Oracle #39;s hostile bid on the company #39;s business.

WASHINGTON - It #39;s one of the biggest technical changes in television since color TV: the digital transition. And because many Americans remain in the dark about it, federal regulators began an education campaign Monday to enlighten them.

America #39;s largest insurer is in hot water again with regulators. American International Group (AIG ) said on Oct. 4 that officials at the Securities  amp; Exchange Commission and the Justice Dept.

Staples Inc. hosted a daylong event last week for analysts who follow the company's stock, laying out plans to keep growing in the immediate future and beyond. Everyone went home smiling.

American International Group Inc. said it has been informed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that it could face a civil action over three of the company's press releases, two of which came out in recent weeks.

HONG KONG: Hutchison Telecommunications International Ltd (HTIL) cut the size of its IPO for a second time to bolster interest in its shares, reducing the sale #39;s value by about 7 percent to between US\$890 million and US\$1.

NOW heres something else thats off the mind. Theres no more need to make mental or computer notes while searching the Internet.

US Airways Group Inc. plans to eliminate "hundreds" of management and nonunion jobs and cut top executives' pay by between 5 and 10 percent.

Reuters - Avaya Inc. , a\telecommunications equipment supplier, on Tuesday said it would\buy Tenovis GmbH   Co. of Germany from private equity firm\Kohlberg Kravis Roberts   Co. for  #36;370 million to expand its\presence in Europe.

SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices set a new record above \$50  a barrel on Tuesday as a prolonged U.S. production outage  following Hurricane Ivan attracted fresh speculative buying.

PARIS (Reuters) - Lazard's board was meeting in Paris on  Tuesday to consider a share sale that could end more than 150  years of private ownership at the largest remaining independent  investment bank and buy out its founding families.

SYDNEY - Singapore Airlines announced on Tuesday the sale of its  quot;non-core quot; 6.3 stake in Air New Zealand, ending a four-year strategic investment in the now government-owned carrier.

_ Eastman Kodak Co. announced Tuesday it will cut nearly 900 jobs at three of its manufacturing facilities in Europe as part of the company #39;s shift from traditional film production to digital photography.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Acuity Brands Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AYI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AYI.N&lt;/A&gt;, a maker of  lighting products and specialty chemicals, on Tuesday said  quarterly profit rose 87 percent due to improved sales, lower  operating expenses and a lower tax rate.

Hundreds of Italians who lost savings in the collapse of food company Parmalat Finanziaria SpA flocked to Milan #39;s courthouse, seeking to recover damages as part of the criminal investigation of Italy #39; biggest bankruptcy.

MINOT, ND - City Council members have given Wal-Mart preliminary approval to build a Supercenter, though not without some soul-searching.

MILAN, Italy Oct. 5, 2004 - Two former auditors at Parmalat were ordered to stand trial for market rigging under a fast-track procedure, the first indictments since the massive fraud scandal at the Italian-based dairy giant.

United Parcel Service Inc. (UPS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to buy Menlo Worldwide Forwarding, a unit of CNF Inc. (CNF.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , for \$150 million in

Struggling German department store owner, KarstadtQuelle, has rejected unions concessions over pay considered crucial to a successful restructuring of the firm.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices hit a new record of more  than \$51 a barrel Tuesday as a prolonged U.S. production outage  following Hurricane Ivan attracted fresh speculative buying.

PARIS (Reuters) - Lazard's board on Tuesday failed to  decide on a share sale that would end over 150 years of private  ownership at the independent investment bank but most partners  seemed to back the plan, sources close to the matter said.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The company that makes half the flu  vaccine used in the United States said on Tuesday it will not  supply any vaccine for the coming flu season because of  problems at its plant in Britain, throwing a major U.S. flu  drive into disarray.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar edged lower on Tuesday  after bearish reports on the U.S. services sector and job  market caused a sell-off ahead of Friday's widely anticipated  September employment data.

Semiconductor stocks were mixed Tuesday after Advanced Micro Devices Inc. warned quarterly revenue would be lower than expected due to sluggish sales of flash memory chips used in mobile phones and other devices.

Hollinger International Inc. said Tuesday it will take a pretax charge of \$27 million to settle advertisers #39; lawsuits over inflated circulation numbers issued for years by the Chicago Sun-Times.

Britain #39;s Diageo Plc (DGE.L: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest spirits group raised \$2.26 billion from its sale of 49.

The Nikkei average was flat in mid-morning trade on Wednesday, bolstered by bargain-hunting of a number of blue-chip stocks after US stocks showed resilience despite a rise in oil prices to new highs.

Mortgage giant Freddie Mac announced Monday that it is shutting down some operations of its debt-securities sales division and transferring others - moves that experts said should tighten the company #39;s internal controls after an

The Dow Jones industrial average fell 38.86, or 0.4 percent, to 10,177.68. The Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 index was down 0.69, or 0.1 percent, at 1,134.

AccountingWEB.com - October 06, 2004 - The opening of a trial related to Oracle #39;s takeover bid of PeopleSoft featured the revelation that CEO Craig Conway was fired last week for making misleading statements about PeopleSoft #39;s sales.

USATODAY.com - In the great race between stock mutual funds and the mattress, the mattress won.

Computer Associates International Inc., as promised, is back in the acquisition game, scooping up its second computer security company in as many months with an agreement to buy Netegrity Inc.

The US filed a complaint at the World Trade Organization, arguing that European Union loans to aircraft maker Airbus SAS are an illegal subsidy.

WASHINGTON US House and Senate negotiators, moving swiftly to finish a bill that would create more than \$100 billion in corporate tax breaks, have approved a \$10 billion buyout for tobacco farmers and rejected a Senate provision that would have subjected

Russia, the world #39;s second-biggest oil exporter, will benefit most from a Siberian crude oil pipeline to the Pacific rather than to China as energy resources are needed to develop the

com October 6, 2004, 7:36 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.

Shock jock Howard Stern is jumping from radio broadcasting to satellite radio, promising to boost the ratings of the growing medium and bring his show to fans  quot;my way.

NEW YORK Another rise in oil prices is putting some pressure on stocks, which are mixed. The Dow Jones industrial average is down 12 points at ten-thousand-165.

As part of its bid to emerge profitably from bankruptcy, United Airlines announced plans Wednesday to slash its domestic flight schedule, increase its more profitable international schedule and reduce the size of its fleet over the next six months.

British company Linx Printing Technologies Plc (LPT.L: Quote, Profile, Research) dropped its backing for an earlier takeover offer on Wednesday after US firm Danaher Corp (DHR.

Will low-income families become innocent victims of the crackdown on Fannie Mae (FNM )? After all, one of Fannie #39;s official missions is to increase the rate of homeownership by expanding the pool of capital available for mortgage loans.

HOUSTON Four former El Paso Corporation natural gas traders have been charged with making false reports used to calculate the index price of natural gas.

A decades-long struggle between the world #39;s two largest aircraft makers escalated into a new trade war between the United States and Europe, just as France-based Airbus stepped

Shock jock Howard Stern announced Wednesday he #39;s taking his radio show off the public airwaves and over to Sirius satellite radio.

Howard Stern #39;s planned defection is a tremendous coup for the emerging satellite radio industry and a setback for the already slumping field of traditional radio -- especially Viacom, which

SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices broke into new record  territory above \$52 Thursday on heightened concerns that  supplies of heating fuels will prove inadequate during the  northern hemisphere winter.

A federal judge on Wednesday ordered California to drop fraud claims seeking \$2 billion in refunds from Enron, saying the company is protected from such suits under bankruptcy law.

LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Spain #39;s Banco Santander (STD) said it was in  quot;complete disagreement with a judicial decision quot; on Wednesday after a Spanish court ruling on tax fraud in a case dating from the 1980s.

SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices broke into record  territory above \$52 Thursday on heightened concerns that  supplies of heating fuels will prove inadequate during the  northern hemisphere winter.

Corporate computing software giant Computer Associates International Inc. said yesterday it will pay \$430 million in cash to acquire Waltham data security firm Netegrity Inc.

The Doubletree Guest Suites Hotel in Allston is for sale, and its great views of the Charles River may soon be owned instead of rented nightly.

A decades-long struggle between the world's two largest aircraft makers escalated into a trade war between the United States and Europe, just as France-based Airbus stepped up plans to challenge Boeing for lucrative US defense contracts.

St. Paul Travelers Co., the second-largest business insurer in the United States, said Wednesday that it estimates losses from Hurricane Ivan to be about \$94 million, and expects the losses to cut third-quarter earnings by about 14 cents per share.

The local radio galaxy tilted on its axis Wednesday when New York shock jock Howard Stern announced he would abandon the radio dial in 2006 for satellite subscriber radio.

Honeywell has issued lawsuits against 34 companies, including Dell, Apple, Sony and Toshiba alleging LCD panels used in their products infringe a 1992 patent the company holds.

Howard Stern will leave a very different company than the Infinity Broadcasting he first joined in 1985. The Viacom-owned radio giant started out a

Its biggest acquisition since 2000, marking its return to inorganic growth mode, after shelving acquisition plans due to government probes in its accounting practices.

US stocks looked to open flat on Thursday under pressure from the surge in oil prices and lackluster September sales reports from US retailers.

Major airlines can #39;t make their low-cost competitors disappear into thin air, but they can fly away from them, which they are planning to do, to overseas routes where bargain-basement carriers don #39;t go.

Airbus has fully supported all recent actions by the European Commission to engage with the US government in serious discussions on comprehensive new disciplines on government support.

Facing its biggest threat ever from the arrival of Sony Corp. in the portable video-game machine market, Japanese game-maker Nintendo Co.

Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Ratings Services on Thursday revised its credit ratings outlook on Poland to stable from negative supported by strength in export growth and an improvement in the country #39;s fiscal performance.

LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices scaled new heights at \$53 for  U.S. crude on Thursday on concerns over tight winter heating  fuel supplies and an unexpected strike at Nigerian oil  terminals.

Shock jock Howard Stern #39;s jump to satellite radio could create a \$180 million windfall for Europe #39;s biggest chip maker, STMicroelectronics (STM.

A same-stores sales drop that's less crummy than expected can't fix this sick pup.

European Central Bank president Jean-Claude Trichet has said that today #39;s decision to leave euro interest rates unchanged reflected a broad consensus on the governing council of the bank.

European aircraft maker Airbus on Thursday criticised a US move to take a fight about subsidies to the World Trade Organisation (WTO), saying it showed its rivals unwillingness to address its own subsidies.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of large drug makers fell on  Thursday after a top U.S. cardiologist questioned the safety of  new arthritis drugs and the performance of U.S. regulators in  monitoring drug safety.

Alcoa Inc. (AA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest aluminum producer, posted only slightly better quarterly earnings on Thursday, as higher metal prices were

SAN FRANCISCO - Advanced Micro Devices Inc. reported a third-quarter profit from a loss a year-earlier on today, but sales fell from the second quarter in line with the chip maker #39;s recently reduced outlook.

Verizon Communications Inc. would seem to be a prime candidate to snap up a luxury suite at the \$440 million ballpark being planned for Washington's Major League Baseball team.

SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Technology stocks led Asian share  markets lower on Friday after a retreat by their U.S. peers,  with investors cautious amid record-breaking oil prices and  ahead of U.S. jobs data later in the day.

US Airways Group Inc. attorneys and executives acknowledged in bankruptcy court yesterday that bookings had fallen more steeply than they had anticipated in reaction to their Chapter

Reuters - Technology stocks led Asian share\markets lower Friday after a retreat by their U.S. peers, with\investors cautious amid record-breaking oil prices and ahead of\U.S. jobs data later in the day.

The stock is feeling some pain these days. However, this drugmaker has enough going for it that the illness shouldn #39;t last. Amid nervousness over the future of Pfizer #39;s arthritis pain treatment Celebrex and

HANDY TOWNSHIP -- A Japanese auto supplier said Thursday it completed the purchase of about 750 acres of Michigan land for a proving ground.

Public health officials are investigating why a 38-year-old woman died two weeks after undergoing gastric bypass surgery at Saint Anne's Hospital in Fall River. The hospital has stopped offering the surgery during the state probe and an internal review.

Danaher Corp., a maker of Sears Craftsman tools and environmental testing products, said Wednesday that it plans to make a cash tender offer to purchase Linx Printing Technologies PLC for \$158 million, including transaction costs.

Howard Stern hinted broadly yesterday that he might continue his involvement with Viacom after he switches to censor-free satellite radio in 15 months.

A consortium led by Standard Chartered PLC won the bidding for a majority stake in PT Bank Permata, agreeing to pay US\$300 million (euros 244 million) for control of Indonesia #39;s seventh-largest lender, Finance Minister Boediono said Friday.

MILAN (Reuters) - Citigroup on Friday launched a legal  challenge against a restructuring plan drawn up by Parmalat,  hitting back after the bankrupt food group took the world's  biggest bank to court recently.

Bank of America has an option to cut at least 4,500 jobs while reorganizing its structure. This is not the first time when the bank reduces jobs.

INVESTORS sent stocks sharply lower today as oil prices continued their climb higher and new questions about the safety of arthritis drugs pressured pharmaceutical stocks.

Soybean futures edged lower Friday in early activity on the Chicago Board of Trade. Grain futures were mixed. Wheat for December delivery rose 1/4 cent to \$3.

British Airways, Europe #39;s biggest airline by passenger capacity, has hiked its fuel surcharges by up to UK8 per ticket, a day after oil prices climbed to record levels.

Reuters - Thomson Corp.  said on Friday it\will sell its media division to investment group Investcorp in\a  #36;350 million cash deal that will tighten its focus on\electronic publishing.

Sun Microsystems says it will pay Kodak \$92 million to settle a high-profile patent suit involving Sun #39;s Java programming technology.

The House, by a vote of 280 to 141, gave final approval last night to a far-reaching tax bill that provides a rich array of breaks to manufacturing companies, energy producers and small businesses and underwrites a \$10 billion buyout of American tobacco

AP - French competition authorities are investigating Danish toy maker Lego Systems AS and supermarket retailer Carrefour SA as part of a probe into alleged price fixing in the French toy market in 2002 and early 2003.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Concerned health officials began  investigating on Friday what went wrong at a British vaccine  plant where half the U.S. flu shots were made, and called on  more companies to get into the vaccine business.

Copper prices surged to 16-year highs on Friday as a strike at the world #39;s largest copper producer threatened to tighten world supplies.

Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. suffered a setback Friday in its legal battle against ousted CEO Conrad Black and several associates when a federal judge sharply scaled back its effort to

New York real estate mogul Donald Trump defended his friend Martha Stewart as the woman who turned home economics into a media empire began her prison term.

Homemaking guru Martha Stewart slipped into the federal prison camp here in the dark morning hours to start her five-month sentence.

the time she had to report to the country #39;s oldest federal prison for women. service of her sentence, quot; a Federal Bureau of Prisons statement said.

When a can of worms is opened, all manner of slimy things crawl out. So it was when the US government fired the first shots in a fusillade against the European Union - by complaining to the World Trade Organisation

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More and more businesses are  sticking mandatory arbitration clauses into their contracts,  forcing consumers to give up their right to sue if they want to  conduct business, and consumer groups have made the elimination  of these clauses a top priority.

AP - Americans have dominated the annual Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences five years running, and it may not surprise Nobel watchers if the trend continues.

Gazprom came a step closer to the liquefied natural gas market on Friday, saying Petro-Canada would help in its goal to build plants in Russia and the United States.

Britain's pension system could easily be replaced by a new payment that would make millions better off, a report says.

A report on pensions commissioned by the Government will be highly critical of Labour #39;s record on the issue, saying that people are saving far less for retirement than official figures show

Sen. Mary Landrieu, D-La., is shown in Washington in this Nov. 11, 2003, file photo. Known as one of the Senate #39;s more moderate Democrats, Landrieu undertook a fiery defense Sunday, Oct. 10, 2004, of military

Tucked on a side street, just a block from the cars and trucks that whiz along Rockville Pike, sits a new complex of 404 luxury apartments, renovated restaurants and stores that some planners and developers are calling the optimum in compact urban redevelopment.

According to the government #39;s own labor reports, George W. Bush is the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a net loss of jobs during his administration.

Former House speaker Thomas M. Finneran is the new president of the Massachusetts Biotechnology Council, a trade group that counts more than 400 members, including Genzyme Corp. and Biogen Idec Inc., the two largest biotechnology companies in the state. Its previous president left under pressure earlier this year, and some members say they chose Finneran, who quit his legislative post ...

Abbey National shareholders will no longer need to fill in complex Spanish tax forms if BSCH's bid to buy the UK firm succeeds.

Singapore shares ended lower Monday, hurt by below-expected third-quarter economic data that added to ongoing concerns over high oil prices and weakness on Wall Street.

AMD #39;s attempt to persuade the US court to sanction the release of over 60,000 pages of Intel documentation to a European Commission anti-trust enquiry has failed.

One of the countrys biggest insurance firms today announced plans to transfer more than 1,100 jobs to India over the next few years, sparking fears of a crisis in the UK.

German incumbent telco Deutsche Telekom announced over the weekend it is to begin taking its internet division, T-Online, back entirely within the mother corporation.

Norwegian-born Finn Kydland and Edward Prescott of the United States won the 2004 Nobel\economics prize, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said on Monday.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Diebold Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DBD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DBD.N&lt;/A&gt;, the leading  maker of automated teller machines, on Monday reduced its  third-quarter and full-year earnings forecasts as it absorbs  costs for recertifying its electronic voting machines in  California and for expenses related to a pending civil action  in that state.

NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- US stocks ended lower Friday as September #39;s weaker-than-expected employment report closed out a week of disappointing economic data, with a new a record high for oil and a lackluster start to the third quarter earning season prompting

SHOPPING centre giant Westfield Group has drafted rival Multiplex and the billionaire Reuben brothers into its pound stg. 585 million (\$1.

Diebold Inc. (DBD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the leading maker of automated teller machines, on Monday reduced its third-quarter and full-year earnings forecasts as it absorbs

PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s profit may drop significantly #39; #39; this year, and the company may have trouble surviving on its own, Oracle Corp.

The Senate cleared a path on Sunday for a bill to hand out about \$140 billion in corporate tax breaks, but it was blocked from a final vote by a fight over a provision aimed at helping reservists on duty in Iraq.

WILMINGTON, Del. Another Oracle executive says the company could lower its offering price for rival PeopleSoft. During testimony this morning in Delaware, Oracle co-president Safra Catz said PeopleSoft #39;s declining

The Senate today passed a far-reaching, \$136 billion corporate tax package that cuts taxes for businesses ranging from film companies to bow-and-arrow makers while closing tax loopholes and bringing US exporters in line with

Unions are threatening a general strike in the Ivory Coast in a protest against the prices farmers are paid for their cocoa supplies.

PARIS The open-source computer system known as Linux won a tough battle over Microsoft earlier this year when the city of Munich decided to change the operating software of 14,000 government computers, despite the personal intervention of Steve Ballmer

A top European Union (EU) economic official said on Monday that the current level of the euro against the US dollar posed no threat to the eurozone economic recovery.

In the recent annals of corporate fraud, the names Enron, Tyco and WorldCom ring the loudest. But for residents of Topeka, Kan., the former leaders of the local utility company have become just as infamous.

WASHINGTON -- A new report indicates that one in every five US jobs pays less than a poverty-level wage for a family of four. As a result, nearly 39 million Americans, including 20 million children, are members

NEW YORKShares of Global Crossing Ltd. lost nearly 20 per cent in value yesterday on concerns it could face a second bankruptcy after it said it is cutting 600 jobs as it negotiates with lenders for financing.

Oil prices hover just below Monday's record peaks in Asian trade, amid continued concerns over global supply shortages.

The chief executive of the US plane maker Boeing warned yesterday that America would not compromise over its demand for an end to subsidies for Airbus, in remarks that raised

The High Street perked up in September,   but consumer confidence is falling as a result of higher interest rates and concerns over the housing market,  figures reveal.

Oracle Corp could reduce its offer for PeopleSoft Inc by as much as a third, to \$2.5 billion or \$14 a share, to reflect declining performance at the rival company, an Oracle executive reportedly testified yesterday.

Carrefour SA #39;s shares dipped Tuesday amid reports that the world #39;s second largest retailer was to issue a profit warning when it posts third-quarter revenue later in the day.

Shares of Sonic Automotive Inc. (SAH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Asbury Automotive Group Inc. (ABG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell sharply on Tuesday after both car dealership

Credit Suisse First Boston said it was  quot;still cautious quot; regarding Johnson  amp; Johnson (nyse: JNJ - news - people ) after the company reported quarterly results above Wall Street estimates.

Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O on Tuesday unveiled a new version of its Windows XP Media Center, adding features such as instant messaging and high-definition television to a personal computer designed for the living room.

quot;Apple has invested heavily in technology to edit pictures. Not having a portable device to show them seemed an obvious oversight that would be corrected once the price of the displays

The company has no further expansion plans after buying a Chinese website. Also: Virgin joins quest for a better iPod   hellip;. PeopleSoft makes promise that Oracle will live up to   hellip;. and more.

Animated film-maker DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. set its anticipated initial public offering at 29 million shares -- which could raise \$725 million, Reuters is reporting.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended slightly lower on  Tuesday, but well above their lows, after crude oil retreated  from a record of over \$54 a barrel.

Bruce Wasserstein, head of Lazard, could reach an agreement as early as this week with Michel David-Weill, the chairman, extending the deadline for

Starbucks Corp. (SBUX.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said its chief executive, Orin Smith, will retire next year, surprising investors, who sent the coffee shop chain #39;s shares lower in after-hours trading.

LONDON--Oct. 12, 2004-- News Corporation today announced a significant investment in News International Limited, with the expenditure over the next four to five years of more than GBP 600million on new printing plants.

SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices slipped further from  record highs on Wednesday as traders locked in profits after  the market's \$10 surge since mid-August.

Lockheed Martin Corp. and BAE Systems North America Inc. filed protests with the Air Force Tuesday over a \$4 billion contract to upgrade electronics on C-130 military transport planes awarded to Boeing Co. in 2001.

WASHINGTON -- Gaylyn Spriggs can remember two decades back when she would keep every grocery and department store receipt in a shoebox on a closet shelf.

Energy companies planning a \$20 billion gas pipeline to US consuming markets from Alaska welcomed new federal loan guarantees but cautioned Tuesday that other issues must be resolved before the huge project proceeds.

Unemployment in the UK fell by 51,000 between June and August to 1.39 million - the lowest on record, according to official figures.

The US Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to decide which gas station owners can claim refunds from Exxon Mobil Corp. in a \$1.1 billion class-action lawsuit involving alleged fuel overcharges.

Indian software giant Tata CS unveils sharply higher profits in its first set of results since its stock market launch.

McDonald #39;s third-quarter earnings rose a higher-than-expected 42 percent, the world #39;s largest restaurant chain says, citing strong sales in the United States and a lower tax rate.

It #39;s a story that would make Peter Pan glad that he never grew up. Walt Disney Co. is caught in a feud with a UK children #39;s hospital over the copyright to JM Barrie #39;s classic novel,  quot;Peter Pan.

Hospital giant HCA Inc. said Wednesday it expects third-quarter earnings to range between \$222 million and \$232 million, or 46 cents to 48 cents per share, including losses from hurricanes Charley, Frances

Intel on Tuesday released third-quarter financial results showing that it continues to struggle to sell a substantial stockpile of computer chips as demand for personal computers remains slow.

Global grocery retailer Ahold NV and its former chief executive have reached settlements with the US Securities and Exchange Commission over charges related to a \$1 billion overstatement of earnings, they said Wednesday.

Reuters - Ahold NV , the Dutch\grocery operator, and three former top executives have agreed\to settle U.S. securities fraud charges related to massive\overbooking of profits, the company and U.S. regulators said on\Wednesday.

The newspaper publisher today said that while the ad market remains uneven it has seen improved trends so far in October.

PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s (PSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) chief financial officer on Wednesday said the company #39;s customer assurance program might not force liabilities on Oracle Corp.

NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - A New Economy champion, a lover of the Texas picker poets who write lovesick country songs...and, oh, by the way, a member of the Federal Reserve system for 36 years.

Sports retailer JJB yesterday reported a near 25 drop in profits and continuing poor sales, and ended shareholders #39; hopes of a takeover by announcing that a potential bidder had walked away.

Reuters - A sharp slide in global metals\markets hammered industrial and mining stocks such as JFE\Holdings and BHP Billiton Thursday, while oil prices crawled\back toward record highs.

SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- A rally in heating-oil futures to a fresh record and gains for natural gas for the first time in four sessions pulled crude prices more than \$1 a barrel higher Wednesday.

Boeing soon may be eligible to buy US terrorism insurance at below-market rates, adding fuel to a debate with Europe over aircraft-maker subsidies.

Bowing to corporate pressure, the group that sets standards for the US accounting industry yesterday postponed by six months its plan to force companies to expense employee stock options.

Temasek Holdings Pte, a \$53 billion Singapore government fund, may buy stakes in China #39;s first private bank and Indonesia #39;s biggest listed oil company as it steps up investments abroad.

Shares of First Health Group Corp. (FHCC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose 21.5 percent in pre-market trading on Thursday after rival Coventry Health Care Inc.

Southwest Airlines (LUV) on Thursday said third-quarter earnings rose 12 percent due to higher revenue and better cost performance even though record-high fuel prices stung the low-cost carrier.

US stock futures pointed to a flat market open Thursday as a rush of quarterly earnings reports painted a mixed picture for corporate profits amid lingering worries over the high price of oil.

Canada slipped from 12th to 15th position in the survey conducted by the World Economic Forum. Canada #39;s position has declined in five of the last six years, despite efforts by federal and provincial governments

Two leading technologies used in fuel-efficient vehicles seem destined to unite. Industry experts say joining hybrid motors with diesel engines would result in the greenest mainstream vehicles ever, and the initial tests are promising.

Public transport grinds to a halt in the Netherlands as workers strike against the government's planned welfare cuts.

Official figures show that the US trade deficit widened to the second-highest level on record in August.

Northwest Airlines Corp. and its pilots reached a tentative agreement on Thursday that includes \$265 million in labor concessions, the Air Line Pilots Association said.

The countrys public institutions were ranked the sixth least effective in the world in the latest survey of the World Economic Forum (WER), which measured the capacity for growth of 104 economies this year.

The Federal Communications Commission Thursday voted to allow incumbent telephone carriers from sharing fiber-to-the-curb deployments from competitors, prompting one incumbent to announce an accelerated fiber rollout.

Eli Lilly and Co. (LLY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said Thursday it plans to cut 575 jobs, or a little more than 2 percent of its US workforce, in a move to streamline its operations.

A group of Republican senators vowed on Thursday to use the closing days of Congress this year to try and stop accounting rulemakers from requiring the expensing of stock options.

WASHINGTON -- Too many business interests are clinging to a failed status quo and resisting necessary governance reforms, the government #39;s top securities regulator said Thursday.

SYDNEY: National Australia Bank Ltd (NAB), Australia #39;s biggest bank, is gauging buyer interest for its struggling Irish banks, signalling that it is prepared to exit part of its European market.

SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Network computer maker Sun  Microsystems Inc. on Thursday posted a narrower quarterly loss  as revenue rose for the second consecutive quarter on higher  sales of servers after three years of declines.

LOS GATOS, Calf. Shares of mail-order DVD rental company Netflix plunged today amid buzz that Amazon-dot-com is getting into the movie rental business.

Thursday's actions are the first shots in what Spitzer called an investigation of widespread corruption in the insurance industry.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday it  is sending additional information to healthcare professionals  about its arthritis drug Bextra, a COX-2 product in the same  class as the withdrawn drug Vioxx.

Shoppers were out last month, propelling sales at the nation #39;s retailers by a strong 1.5, best showing since March. The sizable gain reported by the Commerce Department on Friday came

Crude oil fell from yesterday #39;s record of \$54.88 a barrel in New York amid concern that sustained high prices may slow economies and reduce demand for energy.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  forecast a much wider third-quarter loss than Wall Street had  estimated, citing weak domestic fares and a spike in fuel  costs, sending its shares down nearly 6 percent.

INDIANAPOLIS - ATA Airlines announced temporary layoffs Thursday throughout its system amid speculation that the struggling airline was in merger talks.

United Airlines says it #39;ll need even more labor cuts than anticipated to get out of bankruptcy. United told a bankruptcy court judge in Chicago today that it intends to start talks with unions next month on a new round of cost savings.

Crude oil futures rallied late Friday to a new record high of \$54.90, a day after a decline in the US inventory of heating oil roiled a market already on edge over tight supplies, high demand and unrest among key producers.

Bankrupt United Airlines stands to erase 75 percent of its obligation to pay off \$600 million of debt issued for projects at its Chicago O #39;Hare International Airport hub, in a deal that would leave bondholders with 60 cents on

Oil demand is rising faster than predicted this year as OPEC pumps more low-quality oil in a failed bid to reduce record prices, according to International Energy Agency, an adviser to 26 industrialized nations.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - An investigation into U.S. insurers  and brokers rattled insurance industry stocks for a second day  on Friday as investors, shaken further by subpoenas delivered  to the top U.S. life insurer, struggled to gauge how deep the  probe might reach.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - None of Chiron Corp.'s flu vaccine  made at a British plant is safe, which means the U.S. flu  vaccine supply will be half of what was expected, U.S. health  officials said on Friday.

Struggling Delta Air Lines #39; latest financials show its cash on hand has dipped below the point where some analysts say it must decide to file for bankruptcy.

Kicking off what promises to be a dismal round of automotive earnings reports, General Motors yesterday laid out a range of problems that have no ready solutions, from the slowdown in auto-sales growth in China and record-high steel costs to intractable

Pfizer Inc. said Friday that it will provide health-care professionals with additional information about its Bextra arthritis drug and that it will conduct further studies to confirm the drug #39;s long-term cardiovascular safety record.

WASHINGTON (AFP) - Shoppers -- the dynamo in the US economy -- shrugged off rising energy prices and splurged in malls and car showrooms in September, a government report showed.

When Greenville County in South Carolina borrowed \$800 million two years ago to expand its public schools, insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halloween is expected to scare up  record sales this year as more adults -- and pets -- join in  what was once mainly a children's dress-up event, filling a  void before the key Christmas shopping season.

Already the biggest of its kind in the country, Florida #39;s popular prepaid-tuition program expects to count its millionth customer during a sign-up period that runs Monday through Jan. 31.

The findings come in a report from the newly formed Consumer Spyware Initiative, a joint effort by Dell and the non-profit Internet Education Foundation that aims to increase awareness of spyware.

SAN FRANCISCO -- At virtually every turn, Intel Corp. executives are heaping praise on an emerging long-range wireless technology known as WiMAX, which can blanket entire cities with high-speed Internet access.

Stanley Leisure plc has announced a Stanley Casinos Limited plan to develop a casino complex on land adjacent to Leeds United #39;s Elland Road stadium.

Ireland #39;s state-owned carrier, Aer Lingus, has asked the government for a grant worth euro200 million to euro300 million (US\$250 million to US\$375 million) to begin buying 10 or more long-haul aircraft from either Boeing or Airbus.

The Federal Government says they are considering more tax cuts for lower and middle-income Canadians. Fending off attacks over the 9.1 billion dollar budget surplus, Finance Minister Ralph Goodale said he

State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has embarked on another crusade against an industry whose wealth-fueled influence makes most politicians cower.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. said on Monday it plans to  sponsor a major clinical study to further assess the  cardiovascular safety of its arthritis drug Celebrex following  the withdrawal of Merck   Co.'s Vioxx, a drug in the same  class.

Star Gas Partners LP (SGH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (SGU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it has suspended distributions on its common partnership units and warned it may have to seek bankruptcy protection unless

Google has announced a new desktop search application that enables users to search their e-mail, files, web history, and chats. Perhaps learning from previous mistakes, Google says it has designed the product  quot;from the ground up to respect user privacy.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Odyssey Healthcare Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODSY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ODSY.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday warned of an earnings shortfall, announced the  resignation of its chief executive and said it was the subject  of a Justice Department probe, sending shares of the hospice  care provider plummeting 42 percent.

Gold Fields Ltd. (GFI) said it rejected a takeover bid by Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. to create the world #39;s leading gold mining group, saying it was not in its interests.

Oil prices fell sharply on Monday in what traders described as a wave of profit-taking sparked by a steep decline in gasoline futures.

MOSCOW: Foreign investors may take part in the sale of assets in Russian oil major Yukos main production unit, which could be offered at a 60 price discount to settle back taxes, Russian television reported on Monday.

Hoping to stem a tide of rising pension debt, a California legislator will propose a controversial overhaul on Monday that would convert traditional public employee retirement plans to privately managed 401(k)-style plans, the Los

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  named a new president and chief executive in a move that could  signal the start of a campaign to revamp the discount  retailer's image.

Texas Instruments Inc. (TXN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest maker of chips for cellular phones, on Monday said quarterly profit rose about 26 percent on demand from handset

Deutsche Bank defended today its role in the collapse of a Chinese government-controlled company in Singapore early last week, as investigators continued to study what went wrong.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices retreated sharply after  setting record highs above \$55 a barrel on Monday as dealers  took profits on signs that energy costs are hurting economic  growth.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Monday  after a drop in oil prices eased worries about corporate  profits, although disappointing earnings from diversified  manufacturer 3M Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; limited gains on the blue-chip Dow.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kraft Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KFT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KFT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  posted a 3.8 percent drop in quarterly profit, weighed down by  higher marketing spending and increased costs for cheese,  coffee and other materials.

(Buffalo, NY, October 18, 2004) - - Buffalo #39;s dominant airlines is 1 of 2 carriers that #39;s taking drastic cost cutting steps to stay in the air.

The management and labor representatives of the car producer Opel began talks Monday on thecontroversial massive layoffs faced by its workers.

The Bass Anglers Sportsman Society is moving its headquarters to Central Florida. The bass fishing organization, based in Montgomery since its inception in 1967, announced Monday

In January, Coke plans to introduce an energy drink called Full Throttle. Coke hopes it will be a better competitor than an earlier entry, the slow-selling KMX.

Telecommunications firm MCI Inc. on Monday said it will take a hefty \$3.5 billion charge in the third quarter to impair property, equipment and intangible assets related to its consumer phone business.

Boeing Co. received at least \$49 million in excessive profits on a \$1.2 billion contract to supply explosives-detection systems to hundreds of the nation #39;s airports, the Department of Homeland

Since mad cow disease turned up in the United States late last year, traced to a cow imported from Canada, federal regulators have issued rules to prevent the spread of the fatal disease, focusing on limiting beef imports, testing and other measures to protect the domestic herd.

US Airways said it will change its flight schedules in February to increase departures at its Charlotte and Philadelphia hubs and create a mini-hub in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.

With a raft of new products ready to roll out over the next few years, Ford Motor Co. is setting big growth goals for its long-troubled Lincoln Mercury division.

Kmart yesterday hired a restaurant and branding expert as its new president and chief executive officer, suggesting the nation #39;s third-largest discount retailer would soon start

WASHINGTON -- Interest rates on short-term Treasury bills rose in yesterday's auction to the highest levels in 30 months.

Tens of thousands of General Motors workers across Europe were set to stop working on Tuesday in a sign of solidarity with their German colleagues, who face massive job cuts.

Sainsburys chief executive Justin King today unveiled his long-term plan to return the UKs third largest supermarket chain to its former glory.

Constellation Brands Inc., the world #39;s largest winemaker, offered \$1.3 billion in cash to acquire Robert Mondavi Corp., maker of lower-price Woodbridge wines.

US-based chipmaker Texas Instruments Inc. said it will spend about US\$300 million (euro 240 million) over the next three years to increase output at its facilities in the northern Philippines.

NEW YORK -- A federal judge has delayed the trial of former WorldCom chief Bernard Ebbers until January 17th. The trial had been set to start November Ninth.

Sprint Corp. (FON.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reported a larger third-quarter loss due to a \$3.5 billion write-down in the value of its long-distance assets.

J Sainsbury will take a 550 million (\$991 million) hit to profits this year as it invests to boost sales and reverse falling market share, Britain #39;s third-biggest supermarket chain said Tuesday.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wells Fargo   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WFC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WFC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 4  U.S. bank, on Tuesday said third-quarter profit rose a  lower-than-expected 12 percent after a downturn in home  mortgage lending.

Coca Cola says it will allow retailers to stock rival drinks in its branded coolers as part of a deal with EU anti-trust watchdogs.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Vanguard Group said on Tuesday it  has lowered expense ratios on six portfolios in its 529 College  Savings Plan sponsored by the state of Nevada.

Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Tuesday said it may cut the debt rating for Constellation Brands (STZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) deeper into junk, after the wine and beer distributor said it had launched an unsolicited offer of \$970

The plunge in US insurance stocks widened to include companies such as Aetna Inc. and Humana Inc. on concern New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of the industry will drag down profits.

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - No. 1 video game maker Electronic  Arts Inc on Tuesday reported higher quarterly profits on strong  demand for titles like Madden NFL 2005, but its stock price  fell after a holiday forecast fell short of Wall Street  expectations.

OT quot; gt; Motorola, the world #39;s second-largest maker of cellphones, said yesterday that its profit more than quadrupled in the third quarter and revenue jumped 26 percent compared with the quarter

NEW YORK - US stocks fell on Tuesday as health insurers #39; shares slid on worries that the New York attorney general #39;s probe will hit the entire industry.

Kenneth Lay, a founder of the Enron Corporation, will get two criminal trials - one by himself and one with his former protg, Jeffrey Skilling, a judge ruled Tuesday.

Coca Cola is to allow other companies #39; products in its shop coolers for the first time. It has agreed the move in a deal with the European Commission to settle a five year competition case.

Reuters - Oil prices ended lower on Tuesday on\signs that high energy costs are slowing the economic growth\that has fueled this year's sharp increase in world oil\consumption.

Lucent Technologies' population of retired workers has grown so large over the years, there are four retirees for every active employee on its payroll. With health insurance costs soaring, Lucent now is saying that it's time for retirees to help pay for the benefit.

A Colorado man who placed a  quot;transplant wanted quot; ad on a Massachusetts-based Internet site is expected today to receive a kidney donated by a total stranger who simply wanted to do  quot;something big. quot; The transaction marks the first time an organ transplant has been brokered by a commercial web company.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Businessman Sam Katz tried to tap into  Warren Buffet's gravy train a decade ago with a plan to make  the legendary investor's lofty Berkshire Hathaway shares more  accessible to the small investor.

Ford Motor Co. swung to a third-quarter profit, but losses at the automakers global automotive operations widened, underscoring the difficulty Ford still faces

The High Court in London has struck out the bulk of a record 240m libel damages claim brought against the Financial Times by investment bank Collins Stewart Tullet.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said profit fell in the third quarter, as it warned  it would a month ago, because of increased marketing spending  and higher costs for raw materials.

Northwest Airlines Corp. posted a third-quarter loss on Wednesday, compared with profits a year ago, due to rising fuel costs and low-fare competition.

In effort to expand market share, firm says it will invest \$100M in Disney #39;s money-losing business. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Children #39;s Place Retail Stores Inc.

Service engine maker Cummins Inc. on Wednesday said that third-quarter profits more than quadrupled - beating both its own guidance and Wall Street estimates - and full-year earnings would also exceed previous expectations.

BOCHUM - Workers at the Opel carmaking plant in the city of Bochum voted overwhelmingly Wednesday to end their nearly week-long wildcat strike and were to return almost immediately to work, officials announced.

Harmony Gold Mining, the largest miner of South African gold, made a hostile bid yesterday to acquire Gold Fields Ltd., another South African miner, for 52.

LONDON (AFP) - A judge at the London High Court struck out the bulk of a record libel damages claim of 240 million pounds (345 million euros, 434 million dollars) against the Financial Times by stockbroker Collins Stewart Tullet.

Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated, the Coca-Cola Co. #39;s major bottler and distributor in the Southeast, said Wednesday that third-quarter profit fell as bad weather, high fuel prices and fewer promotions led to lower volume.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Countrywide Financial Corp. on  Wednesday posted a 47 percent drop in quarterly earnings and  cut its outlook as mortgage refinancings fell and rates  climbed, sparking a broad sell-off in mortgage-company stocks.

Reuters - U.S. average retail gasoline prices\fell over the last two weeks and are poised to slip even\further as crude oil prices continue to tumble, an industry\analyst said on Sunday.

French luxury goods company LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis said Wednesday it plans to buy whisky maker Glenmorangie PLC for about 300 million pounds (euro430.

The Securities and Exchange Commission said Wednesday that accounting firm KPMG LLP will pay \$10 million to Gemstar-TV Guide International shareholders to settle allegations it committed improper conduct in Gemstar #39;s audit.

NEW DELHI: The Indian government increased the foreign direct investment (FDI) cap yesterday in domestic airlines from 40 to 49 per cent but kept a ban on foreign carriers taking stakes.

Australia #39;s Computershare Ltd. (CPU.AX: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to buy the second-largest US share registrar, EquiServe, for \$292 million, quadrupling

The steady decline in distillate fuel inventories comes as traders remain jittery about the world's strong demand and limited crude oil supply cushion.

Three top Citigroup Inc. executives, including Vice Chairman Deryck Maughan, are leaving the financial services giant in the wake of a scandal at its Japanese private banking unit.

By Bloomberg News. Cingular Wireless, which is buying AT amp;T Wireless, said yesterday that third-quarter sales rose 4.9 percent, to \$4.

Lucent Technologies yesterday posted higher fiscal fourth- quarter earnings, helping lift the telecommunications equipment maker to its first profitable year since 2000.

The Securities and Exchange Commission is expected to announce today a settlement with Qwest that is highly critical of  quot;senior management, quot; two sources familiar with the case said.

California #39;s top insurance regulator said Wednesday he will file a civil suit shortly in the widening scandal over insurance industry sales practices.

COLLINS STEWART was the first company to try to base libel damages on a falling share price. Had the broker succeeded, it would have threatened the Financial Times with a huge liability - and

LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fell to an eight-month low  against the euro on Thursday and set multi-month lows versus  the yen, sterling and the Swiss franc amid worries the U.S.  economy was not growing enough to support its currency.

Pharmaceutical giant Merck  amp; Co. said Thursday that third-quarter earnings dropped significantly year-over-year on charges related to the withdrawal of Vioxx from the market.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was weaker across the board  early in New York on Thursday, forging new lows on a growing  sense that the United States is struggling to fund its record  external deficits.

The number of summer visitors to Alaska rose from the year before, prompting the president of the Alaska Travel Industry Association to say tourism appeared to be back on track since leveling off after the 2001 terrorist attacks.

AT amp;T Corp. swung to a third-quarter loss of \$7.12 billion after recording huge charges related to the company #39;s retreat from traditional telephone services, which has included at least 7,500 more job cuts

Athletic shoe and apparel maker Reebok International Ltd. (RBK) on Thursday posted better-than-expected quarterly earnings, helped by improved sales due to acquisitions and the weak dollar.

The US Labor Department said Thursday the number of individuals who filed for unemployment insurance fell to a six-week low last week.

Don #146;t let less-than-perfect credit prevent you from driving the car you want. Fill out a free loan application at Auto Net Financial and we #146;ll pre-arrange financing at a dealer near you.

Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts Inc. (DJTC.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , which has been on the brink of bankruptcy, said on Thursday that a majority of bondholders have approved

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Chocolate maker Hershey Foods Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HSY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HSY.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a higher-than-expected 16 percent  rise in quarterly profit and said it will get into the cookie  business.

SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest software maker, on Thursday said its first quarter  profit climbed as personal computer sales and business demand  fueled higher sales.

Disney and Viacom agreed to a fine of \$1.5 million from the Federal Communications Commission over claims their children #39;s cable television networks violated advertising restrictions, the FCC said Thursday.

PARIS - Turkish PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan expressed belief on Thursday that the decision that the European Council would make on December 17th (on whether and when to open negotiations with Turkey) would be a milestone for not only Turkey-(EU) relations

REDMOND, Washington, Oct 21 (AFP) - The world #39;s biggest software company, Microsoft Corp, said Thursday that its first quarter profits swelled to 2.9 billion dollars as consumers and businesses pumped up demand for new computers.

Five-year, \$1.8 billion cost-cutting contract approved Thursday also reduces retirement benefits, increases work hours and eliminates retiree medical coverage.

J.E. Robert Cos. completed raising \$823 million from about 40 institutional and private equity investors this week.

General Motors hopes to make its hulking Hummer lineup  quot;more approachable quot; with a new midsize sport utility vehicle scheduled to go on sale next spring.

WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Qwest Communications on Thursday said it #39;s agreed to pay \$250 million to end a federal probe of allegedly fraudulent accounting practices used by former executives.

The Financial Times claims Nomura, the Japanese bank, is involved in a plan to raise 200m to block a takeover of Man Utd by Malcolm Glazer.

Thursday #39;s agreement between Qwest Communications and federal regulator settles allegations of  quot;massive financial fraud quot; at a price of \$250 million.

Connecticut is going to join California amid New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzers probe over the US insurance industry scandal.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday said  U.S. securities regulators may recommend enforcement  proceedings against the former head of Citigroup Global  Investment Management.

Reuters - The dollar edged up against the yen and\steadied against the euro on Friday, but kept within sight of\multi-month lows hit this week on worries about the U.S.\economy and its ability to attract global investors.

BEIJING: China #39;s economy surged by an impressive 9.5 per cent year-on-year in the first nine months of this year, marginally slower than the 9.7 per cent recorded in the first half of the year, the government said here on Sunday while claiming credit for

Primaris Airlines Inc. has announced plans to buy 20 Boeing 7E7-8 Dreamliners and 20 737-800s, a deal worth \$3.8 billion at list prices, the new low-cost business carrier and the Boeing Co.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Weyerhaeuser Co.'s  quarterly profit  rose sharply on a large gain from the sale of timberlands in  Georgia and it set tender offers to reduce as much as \$700  million in debt, the company said on Friday.

Eliot Spitzer, fresh from rocking the insurance industry, has now asked the music business to uncover the secrets behind how radio stations decide what records they play.

NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc.  rose as much as 20 percent on Friday, to trade at more than  twice the level of its cut-price IPO, after the Web search  leader posted strong quarterly results in its first reported  quarter as a public company.

US Treasury prices rose on Friday as a potent combination of record high oil prices and slumping stocks kept market participants jittery about the potential for slower growth.

China #39;s economic boom is still roaring despite efforts to cool sizzling growth, with gross domestic product climbing 9.5 per cent in the first three quarters of this year, the government reported Friday.

WASHINGTON President Bush has signed into law the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades. Bush signed the bill today with no fanfare, during a flight on Air Force One to a campaign stop in Pennsylvania.

Stock prices were pummeled by a toxic combination of still-rising oil prices and anxiety surrounding Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of the insurance industry.

Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) could file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as soon as next week, the Washington Post reported in its Saturday edition, citing an unnamed source familiar with the situation.

Delta Air Lines Inc. could file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as soon as next week, a source familiar with the matter said yesterday.

NEW YORK Oct. 18, 2004 - People who use public or workplace computers for e-mail, instant messaging and Web searching have a new privacy risk to worry about: Google #39;s free new tool that indexes a PC #39;s contents for quickly locating data.

Bankrupt US Airways is giving flight attendants, machinists and passenger service workers three weeks to reach consensual cost-cutting pacts before the airline asks

The doubts, the uncertainty, the mud-slinging that have kept investors indecisive all year are set to end one week from Tuesday when US voters go to the polls.

Public transit in Toronto will not improve next year despite \$81-million in provincial gas tax funding announced yesterday, according to Mayor David Miller.

WILMINGTON, Delaware, isnta popular spot with the Hollywood crowd. I imagine they would be a bit sniffy about what passes for local entertainment.

Shareholders in Kidde, the fire protection group, have indicated they would be prepared to sell out if United Technologies Corporation (UTC), the US industrial conglomerate

Nextel Communications, the nation #39;s fifth-largest wireless provider, said yesterday that its profit jumped 69 percent in the third quarter from the period last year.

In finance, a process that requires a company to estimate the expected future value of a company #39;s pension assets and the expected cost of fulfilling pension and health care obligations to current and retired employees.

GUILDERLAND, NY Socially conscious consumers have made fair trade brews a rapidly growing niche of the coffee market. The beans can now be found on supermarket shelves next to the Folgers and in the espresso at Dunkin #39; Donuts.

Pilots at US Airways narrowly approved \$300 million in wage and benefit cuts today, making the Air Line Pilots Association the first major union representing US Airways workers to agree to permanent concessions.

For 10 years, Ellen Zane oversaw community doctors for Partners HealthCare, the parent organization of Massachusetts General and Brigham and Women's hospitals and the biggest and most profitable hospital and physician network in Massachusetts. Then in December, she became chief executive of a very different institution: Tufts-New England Medical Center in Boston's Chinatown neighborhood. Tufts-NEMC is not only smaller, it's ...

401(k) credit card would give millions of American workers the chance to borrow their own money from their retirement savings plans.

or write a check before the funds are available in their accounts - might soon find themselves at risk for more bounced checks and high overdraft fees.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Record crude oil prices, a tidal wave  of quarterly earnings reports and anxiety ahead of the  presidential election may pin U.S. stocks down this week.

WASHINGTON - With no fanfare, President Bush Friday signed the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades, showering \$136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses, farmers and other groups.

TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 2 percent at  the opening on Monday as investors shied away from exporters  including Toyota Motor Corp. after a fall in the dollar below  107 yen stoked concerns about their earnings.

MG Rover, the ailing British carmaker, has signed a binding agreement to hand over technology and know-how to the Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (SAIC).

Premier Dalton McGuinty sent a shot across the bow of have-not provinces Sunday, warning that Ontario will not support efforts to wring billions more in equalization payments out

A deeply divided S.E.C. is expected to approve rules requiring all but the smallest hedge funds to register with the S.E.C. and make their records available.

Harmony Gold Mining Co., the biggest miner of South African gold, made its fifth consecutive quarterly loss as the rand #39;s gains against the dollar eroded profit margins, compelling it to seek expansion to cut costs.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower  market open on Monday, as oil prices hit another record,  fueling worries that soaring energy costs will bite into  corporate profits.

Monday #39;s opening levels are: The Dow opens at 9,757.81, lower by 107.95. The Nasdaq starts the day at 1,915.14, lower by 38.48 .

The office of New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has uncovered evidence of improper business practices at Aon Corp., the world #39;s second-largest insurance broker, according to a published report.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ryder System Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=R.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;R.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  reported an increase in quarterly net profit amid increased  demand for transport services, especially in its fleet  management division.

China #39;s total trade volume will reach 1.1 trillion US dollars in 2004 -- up 30 percent over 2003 --with a trade surplus of about 10 billion US dollars, said Assistant Minister of Commerce Yi Xiaozhun.

A privately-owned Dutch steelmaker headed by billionaire Lakshmi Mittal is buying US-based International Steel Group Inc. for about \$4.

AURORA, ONT. - Auto parts giant Magna International on Monday unveiled bids worth a total of about \$1.3 billion to take its three publicly traded subsidiaries private.

Citigroup Inc. said Monday it will close its trust banking unit in Japan within a year, after Japanese authorities ordered the US financial services giant to suspend its private banking business there.

Texas power company TXU Corp. (TXU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday raised its dividend by 350 percent, boosted its earnings forecast and increased its share buyback program

United Online Inc., a California-based provider of low-cost Internet subscription services, has agreed to buy Internet networking company Classmates Online Inc.

Reuters - U.S. Treasury yields hit their lowest\level in almost seven months on Monday as record high oil\prices clouded the outlook for global economic growth.

The Federal Trade Commission won an important victory last week in its fight to protect consumers from spyware, the software that tracks unsuspecting Web surfers, bombards them with advertisements and sometimes even steal login information and passwords.

Shares of Delta Air Lines soared after the troubled airline said Monday it entered into a commitment letter with American Express Travel Related Services Co.

Electronic Data Systems Corp., the world #39;s second-largest seller of computer services, delayed the release of third-quarter earnings while it reviews the value of a contract with the US Navy.

Polk County will retain its position at the heart of the US phosphate industry, at least through the end of this decade, following the merger of IMC Global Inc.

Australia  amp; New Zealand Banking Group said today it would transfer most of its London-based project finance business to Standard Chartered.

THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. -- WellPoint Health Networks Inc. #39;s third-quarter net income rose 28 percent as the managed-care company saw membership growth in key markets and double-digit revenue growth.

Reuters - BP Plc, the world's second largest oil\company, reported bumper third-quarter earnings on Tuesday on\the back of high oil prices.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept the Bank Rate untouched at 6 today, but raised the repo rate by 0.25 to 4.75 effective from tomorrow.

LNM Holdings has steelmaking operations in eight countries with an annual steel production capacity of more than 32 million tons. ISG was formed in 2002 and bought the assets of bankrupt Bethlehem Steel Corp

Reuters - Sara Lee Corp.  on Tuesday\posted a 53 percent increase in quarterly profit, as a fee\related to the 1999 sale of a tobacco business helped offset\higher costs for meat and cotton.

HOUSTON - Oilfield services giant Halliburton Co. on Tuesday swung to a loss in the third quarter ended Sept. 30, hurt by hefty charges from discontinued operations related to the settlement of asbestos and silica claims.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices crawled ahead on  Tuesday as a hesitant market awaited the latest reading on  consumer sentiment and an auction of new U.S. government debt.

BOSTON (Reuters) - Diversified manufacturer General  Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday that it is on track to meet  its full-year earnings forecast and to achieve double-digit  gains in earnings per share in 2005.

HOUSTON -- Oilfield services giant Halliburton Co. on Tuesday swung to a loss in the third quarter ended Sept. 30, hurt by hefty charges from discontinued operations related to the settlement of asbestos and silica claims.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumers turned more gloomy in  October, beset by soaring energy prices, relentless violence in  Iraq and the increasingly bitter end of the presidential  election campaign.

Record high oil prices will cut euro zone growth next year and further sharp euro gains could make matters worse, the European Commission said on Tuesday.

Mumbai: Despite the revision of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and inflation rate, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had kept the bank rate stable at 6 per cent in the mid-term review of annual policy statement for the year 2004-05 in order to boost

London: NRI business tycoon Lakshmi N Mittal, who is set to control the world #39;s largest steelmaker, has emerged as the richest man in Britain.

A little over a year after introducing the first version of Office Live Communications Server, Microsoft says it plans to release the next version of its enterprise instant messaging software, in December.

Derivatives exchange LIFFE turned up the heat on rival Chicago Mercantile Exchange on Tuesday by ratcheting up its fee incentive program for some US traders in a bid improve volume in its Eurodollar contract, the CME #39;s flagship offering.

A deeply divided SEC voted Tuesday to mandate new oversight for hedge funds -- largely unregulated investment pools, traditionally for the wealthy, that have become popular with small investors.

Hard on the heels of Microsoft announcing that it #39;s taken Live Communications Server 2005 gold, instant messaging management software vendors IMlogic and FaceTime on Tuesday both touted their support for the communication product.

Thomson Corp., a provider of information services that was once Canada #39;s largest newspaper publisher, sailed past Street forecasts in its latest quarterly results released Tuesday.

Reuters - Cingular Wireless on Tuesday closed\its  #36;41 billion cash purchase of AT T Wireless Services Inc.\, creating the biggest U.S. mobile service with more\than 46 million customers.

The Reserve Bank of India announced the mid-term review of its monetary policy on Tuesday. Though the central Bank kept away from the much expected interest rate hike, the policy contained recommendations

TORONTO (CP) - A rally in the insurance sector helped take stock markets up sharply - and drove New York #39;s blue chip index to a triple-digit runup - despite higher oil prices and a further slowdown in US consumer confidence.

PLANO, Tex. (CP) - Electronic Data Systems is cutting 4,600 jobs through early retirement and taking a \$150 million US charge in the fourth quarter, the information technology company said Tuesday.

PeopleSoft reiterated on Tuesday its opposition to a \$7.7 billion takeover offer from Oracle after the European Union approved the bid, removing the last regulatory hurdle to a deal.

Description: A divided Securities and Exchange Commission will likely approve new regulations governing the hedge fund industry. Under the rules, all but the smallest hedge funds would be required to register with federal regulators.

Reuters - Marsh   McLennan Cos. , the\world's largest insurance broker, said on Tuesday it would\reform its business practices and stop accepting fees at the\center of an investigation by New York Attorney General Eliot\Spitzer into bid rigging.

Michael Ovitz said on Tuesday that Walt Disney Co. would have made a string of dazzling deals and shrewd strategic moves during his brief tenure as the company #39;s president

WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--Air New Zealand Ltd. (AIR.NZ) said Wednesday it expects to post a slight drop in profit in the current financial year, and that it hopes to raise NZ\$186 million in a rights issue next month to fund investment in new aircraft.

Former Walt Disney Co. president Michael Ovitz insisted Tuesday that he worked tirelessly to better the company but frequently ran into resistance from CEO Michael Eisner and a handful of senior executives who refused to report to him.

Here are answers to some questions arising from the closing of Cingular Wireless #39; acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless. Q: With the merger, how will the combined company rank in the industry?

The FTSE 100 has climbed as a surge by US shares gives a boost to European markets. Shire Pharmaceuticals SHP.L jumped after winning approval for a key drug and consumer goods giant Unilever ULVR.

The Spanish bank which is buying Abbey made a 2.2bn profit (3.1bn euros)in the first nine months of 2004. Banco Santander Central Hispano, which is acquiring the UK lender in a 8.

Cable giant Comcast Corp. on Wednesday posted a smaller third-quarter profit that missed Wall Street expectations, but said digital cable and high-speed Internet subscriptions continued to grow during the period.

Reuters - U.S. orders for long-lasting durable\goods rose by a smaller-than-expected 0.2 percent in September,\held back by another sharp fall in commercial aircraft,\government data showed on Wednesday.

Figures showing falling mortgage approvals and rising repossessions suggest interest rate rises are being felt.

INDIANAPOLIS -- ATA says it will honor all tickets and maintain its full schedule, after filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy Tuesday.

Comcast Corp. (CMCSA.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US cable operator, on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit that fell short of Wall Street forecasts but reported better-than

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks jumped on Wednesday as oil  prices, which have held investor enthusiasm for stocks in check  for months, fell sharply after a higher-than-expected crude  build last week.

Houston -- Prosecutors claim six executives conspired to push through a 1999 sham sale of barges because they didn #39;t think they #39;d get caught.

The worldwide market for handheld devices saw its third successive quarter of year-over-year decline in the third quarter of 2004, according to a new report released by IDC.

NEW YORK - The people who will forever be associated with the Great Crash of 1929 were all white, male and wealthy, but their occupations and ethics varied considerably.

JAKARTA (Reuters) - OPEC has taken the unprecedented step  of urging the United States to tap its emergency crude reserves  to bring down world oil prices.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Robust demand for military equipment  and technology led four U.S. defense companies to post higher  quarterly profit on Wednesday, with jet maker Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt;  reporting a 78 percent jump in earnings despite a decline in  commercial airplane revenue.

Perhaps the optical network supplier should call off its merger with AFC.

The US economy continued to expand in September and early October in spite of rising energy costs, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday in its Beige Book, a survey of business activity around the country.

SAN FRANCISCO -- Yahoo (Quote, Chart) expanded its search empire to the mobile arena with the launch of some additional services. The company was one of the original content providers for mobile devices running

Lexmark's loss in court on Tuesday may mean that consumer electronics companies won't try to use the Digital Millenium Copyright Act as an all-purpose competition shield anymore, consumer advocates say. By Katie Dean.

MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australia #39;s National Foods Ltd. (NFD.AU) on Thursday told shareholders to take no action on New Zealand dairy group Fonterra Co-operative Group Ltd.

Orders for durable goods rose in September for the third time in four months. Home sales also increased. Orders for goods intended to last more than three years increased 0.2 percent to \$195.

Blaming excess capacity, extremely high fuel prices, which and descending fares, ATA Holdings Corp., parent of discount airline carrier ATA Airlines, said it has filed for bankruptcy.

Boeing's bottom line continues to fatten, even as its image tarnishes, thanks in part to the consolidation of the defense industry, which has left the Pentagon with few choices for buying weapons, industry analysts said.

If the airline acquires some ATA assets, Wichita Mid-Continent could see expanded AirTran service, especially to Chicago. BY PHYLLIS JACOBS GRIEKSPOOR.

Share prices closed higher across the board in Tokyo this morning, as investors were cheered by last night #39;s gains on Wall Street.

JOHANNESBURG (Mineweb.com) -- Gold Fields, the takeover target of smaller rival Harmony, contained its costs on its South African mines during the September quarter.

LONDON, October 28 (newratings.com) - Royal Dutch/Shell Group has announced its plans to merge its two holding companies in the Netherlands and the UK, Royal Dutch Petroleum (ROY.

Union officials representing 7,500 pilots at Delta Air Lines said Wednesday night they have reached a cost-cutting agreement with management, which presumably could halt, or at least

ATA Holdings Corp. (ATAH), parent of struggling low-cost carrier ATA Airlines, on Tuesday filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as falling fares and soaring fuel prices drained it of cash.

DETROIT - Dow Chemical Co. #39;s third-quarter earnings soared 86 percent to beat Wall Street forecasts, thanks largely to improved margins.

HONG KONG The Far Eastern Economic Review, an often incisive newsweekly for more than half a century, will become a monthly opinion magazine in December, and virtually all of its employees will lose their jobs, Dow Jones announced on Thursday.

WELLINGTON New Zealand #39;s central bank raised the benchmark interest rate by a quarter point on Thursday, to 6.5 percent, and said the sixth increase this year may be the last as economic growth slows.

Viacom Inc. (VIAb.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (VIA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted a quarterly loss on charges related to the spinoff of video rental chain Blockbuster

After 15 months of negotiations, Delta Air Lines Inc. has secured a tentative contract with its pilots, a move that might help the struggling carrier avoid a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing.

The Japanese electronics makers remained cautious about the months ahead, citing worries about global growth. Japanese corporate profits are almost certain to be hurt by any economic slowdown in Japan and in the United States.

vueling writes  quot;Ryanair confirmed it had written to the Walloon authorities and agreed to repay 4M in an escrow account until Ryanairs appeal is heard and the European Courts make a definitive decision on this matter.

The leadership of Delta Air Lines #39; pilot union early this morning approved a tentative concessionary agreement with the company, sending it to a vote of the entire membership.

LONDON (Reuters) - Oil steadied on Thursday after  Wednesday's 5 percent retreat from record highs, as traders  concluded that China's surprise interest rate rise would not do  much to dampen fuel demand growth.

America Online Inc. said Thursday it had filed a federal lawsuit accusing numerous unnamed defendants of violating federal and state laws by sending bulk messages known as  quot;spim quot; to instant message accounts and Internet chat rooms.

Forbes.com - Not every driver was dressed formally for the start of this year's Bullrun, a road rally that begins in London, at the Marble Arch, and ends three days later in Ibiza, Spain. Yet as drivers thrummed their engines nervously on the afternoon of Sept. 23, waiting for the checkered flag, a quick inspection of the field revealed one entrant clad in an Oxford shirt and gray pinstripe blazer, another sporting a tuxedo, and a third--me--wearing a red couture Matthew Earnest gown.

The nation #39;s largest e-mail providers today filed a new round of lawsuits against Internet spammers allegedly responsible for shoveling millions of junk e-mail messages into computer users #39; in-boxes and their instant messaging screens.

Gateway Inc. reported a narrowed net loss in the first quarter as it continues to restructure its operations and integrate its acquisition of eMachines.

Record fuel costs and low air fares contributed to a \$274 million third-quarter loss for United Airlines #39; parent company, which warned again that labor costs must be slashed again soon in order for it to emerge from bankruptcy.

Alliance Capital Management Holdings LP (AC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the biggest US money managers, on Thursday said its profit rose in the third quarter

The warning came during its earnings report and on a day when Shell said it would merge the two entities that make up the company, unifying the boards and management.

A new federal law that went into effect yesterday will eventually eliminate the days of check floating.. However, some Sumner County bankers say it depends on where you bank and

The UK's biggest insurer unveils better than expected sales figures for the first nine months of the year.

G. Michael Caggiano Jr. lies awake at night thinking about bank signs. He ponders them during breakfast, while brushing his teeth, and  quot;constantly quot; during the day, he says.

The Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating allegations that German automaker DaimlerChrysler AG maintained at least 40 secret bank accounts to bribe foreign government officials

Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc., still reeling from the personal legal woes of its imprisoned founder, former chairwoman and CEO, posted a wider loss in the third quarter

The head of Smart cars denies rumours that the loss-making firm may be sold, or even closed down, by parent group DaimlerChrysler.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Avon Products Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AVP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AVP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  posted higher quarterly earnings as business in Latin America  and Europe helped offset weakness in the United States for the  direct seller of cosmetics.

29/10/2004 National Foods will hunt for a  quot;white knight quot; to protect it from Fonterras \$A1.62 billion (\$NZ1.76 billion) bid, raising the risk New Zealand dairy farmers will get dragged into an expensive bidding war.

PARIS (Reuters) - French companies Snecma and Sagem   announced a planned 7 billion euro (\$8.9 billion) merger on  Friday, in a deal that analysts said was driven by political  rather than shareholder interests.

The US economy grew at a 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter - a pace that was slightly better than in the spring but not as strong as many analysts expected.

LONDON (Reuters) - Grant Thornton and Bank of America have  filed motions in a New York court to remove a U.S. injunction  stopping them counter-suing insolvent Italian dairy group  Parmalat, which has sued each for \$10 billion.

Credit Suisse First Boston, the securities arm of Switzerland #39;s second-biggest bank, plans to cut costs by combining some units and eliminating jobs, people familiar with the matter said.

America Online will now provide gratis antivirus protection to its subscribers.

Shares in agribusiness giant Archer Daniels Midland Co. soared to a 6 1/2-year high Friday, fueled by a 77 percent increase in quarterly earnings.

The Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index rose for a fourth day as investors looked past a disappointing third- quarter economic growth report to better-than-expected readings on Chicago-area business and consumer confidence.

About 70,000 motorists signed up for FasTrak, the electronic toll collection system, since July 1, when tolls went up from \$2 to \$3.

Oil prices bounced higher on Friday following two days of sharp declines that came on the heels of rising inventories of crude in the US and a move by China to cool its economy.

Seattle -- The assembly line at Boeing Co. #39;s cavernous Everett plant near here is designed to keep moving continuously, if almost imperceptibly, as workers scramble over the silvery bodies of skeletal Boeing 777s, applying finishing touches.

Russian President Vladimir Putin is ready to go after other oil companies the way he has hammered Yukos, a top Kremlin official has said.

A key deadline to bring Australia #39;s Free Trade Agreement with the United States into force has expired. But the Australian Government is still confident the deal will come into effect next year, as Louise Willis reports.

When in his mid-50s, immigrant Andrew Carnegie sold his steel holdings into a trust headed by JP Morgan in 1901, the Scottish immigrant and former cotton factory bobbin boy left a life of astounding, ground-up capitalism for retirement into philanthropy.

General Motors (GM) and Chinese partner Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp (SAIC) on Saturday signed a joint development and commercialization agreement on hybrid and fuel cell

The MSU College of Human Medicine won #39;t be relocated to Grand Rapids until at least 2007, and could cost only half as much as university officials originally estimated.

SINGAPORE : Singapore #39;s unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in five years on the back of strong economic growth in the first half of the year, the government said Monday.

So many disasters to avoid, so many uncertainties to resolve, no wonder so many investors have been cautious about buying stocks and bonds.

Software manufacturer Oracle Corp. said Monday that it raised its hostile bid for rival PeopleSoft Inc. to \$24 per share from \$21, and said the new price represents the company #39;s  quot;best and final offer.

SINGAPORE : The government is extending third-party war risk insurance cover to the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore and SATS Security Services, a unit of the Singapore Airlines group.

WASHINGTON - Consumers, who substantially slowed down their spending in late summer, roared back to life in September, boosting their purchases by 0.6 percent.

Sysco Corp., the country #39;s largest food service distributor, Monday said profit for its latest quarter rose 8 percent, as it increased sales and trimmed expenses despite the hurricanes in the Southeast.

Sysco Corp., the country #39;s largest food service distributor, Monday said profit for its latest quarter rose 8 percent, as it increased sales and trimmed expenses despite the hurricanes in the Southeast.

Merck  amp; Co. shares fell as much as 7 percent to their lowest level in more than eight years after the Wall Street Journal said the drugmaker tried for years to stop safety concerns from hurting sales of its Vioxx painkiller.

Allergan Inc., the US drug company that makes the anti-wrinkle treatment Botox as well as contract lens solution at its Irish factory, plans to lay off more than a third of its Irish workforce as it ends its lens solution operations and

The county #39;s largest employer said the jobs losses at its Westport plant occurred following the spin off of Allergan #39;s optical medical device business to Advanced Medical Optics (AMO).

LONDON -- Monday -- Serbia reached a milestone on the road to economic stability Monday, as its first-ever credit rating opened the way for a return to international credit markets.

MOSCOW : Russian authorities hit the bruised Yukos oil giant with a battery of fresh tax claims which could see the firm #39;s total debt soar to an astronomical 17 billion dollars.

Shares of the engineering company closed earlier down 37 cents, or just under 1 percent, at \$40.36 on the New York Stock Exchange.

The US Department of Housing and Urban Development has finalized a rule that will require the nation #39;s two largest housing finance companies to increase their purchase of mortgages for low- and moderate-income families and underserved communities.

TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- South Korea #39;s LG Electronics Inc. said Tuesday it would file a counter measure against Japan #39;s Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.

If you think oil is expensive now, just imagine if Hurricane Ivan had swung west and come ashore at this bustling oil and gas port at the southernmost point of Louisiana.

WHITEHOUSE STATION, NJ - Shares of Merck  amp; Co. plunged nearly 10 percent Monday after a media report said documents show the pharmaceutical giant hid or denied evidence for years that its blockbuster arthritis drug Vioxx causes heart problems.

Some of the nation #39;s largest daily newspapers reported steep circulation declines yesterday, with overall circulation down across the industry, a new report revealed.

Oracle sweetened its hostile bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft to \$9.2 billion, a 14 increase aimed at resolving the long-running takeover battle between the bitter foes.

Singapore shares ended higher Tuesday boosted by modest overnight gains on Wall Street and easing oil prices, traders said. The United States is a major trading partner and the local stock market traditionally

Dow Jones futures rose 37 points recently, while Nasdaq futures climbed 6 points and Standard  amp; Poor #39;s futures edged up 3.60 points.

John F. Kennedy International Airport saw the most growth in passengers over the last year among the nation #39;s 25 busiest airports.

Britain #39;s biggest airport operator BAA posted a 16 percent jump in first-half earnings on Tuesday, meeting expectations as cheap airfares and stronger economies drove up passenger numbers.

International Game Technology, the world #39;s biggest maker of slot machines, Tuesday said said profit for its latest quarter fell 50 percent from a year ago due to a charge for early redemption of debt and a tax adjustment.

Toyota Motor Corporation, the world #39;s second-largest carmaker, had an unexpected drop in quarterly profit as investment earnings declined at a truckmaking unit and a stronger yen cut the value of overseas sales.

Forest Laboratories Inc. (FRX) on Tuesday said its experimental hypertension drug failed to meet all its goals in an effectiveness study, an outcome that will delay development and may lead to a new trial.

LONDON, November 2 (newratings.com) - The German automotive giant, Volkswagen AG (VOW.ETR), continued its negotiations with the labour union today on its planned labour cost reductions.

America Online Inc. (AOL) plans to lay off 700 employees, about 5 percent of its US workforce, by the end of the year, several news organizations reported Tuesday.

Shares of Media giant Time Warner Inc. were little changed Monday ahead of the company #39;s third-quarter earnings report as investors wonder exactly what chairman Dick Parsons might say about its troubled America Online unit.

Gnawed by Northwest. Joining an apparent feeding frenzy, Northwest Airlines (nasdaq: NWAC - news - people ) on Tuesday said it plans to expand in Indianapolis, a move that will knock rival ATA Airlines from its No.

America Online, the country #39;s leading Internet service, is preparing to lay off as many as 700 of its 13,000 employees in the United States, according to an executive knowledgeable about its plans.

Oil prices jumped above \$50 a barrel this morning, supported by US election tallies projecting a slim lead for President George W Bush.

In an agreement that could have significant implications for locked- out San Francisco hotel workers, striking casino workers in Atlantic City today are expected to ratify a deal that offers lucrative benefits but abandons the union #39;s strategy to

Time Warner Inc., the world #39;s largest media company, said Wednesday that its third quarter earnings slid 8 percent as it set aside a \$500 million reserve because of pending government investigations.

Interpublic Group of Cos., the world #39;s third-largest ad conglomerate, said Wednesday that third-quarter losses widened significantly on increased charges as well as greater salary and severance costs.

Wal-Mart Stores, the worlds No.1 retailer, said the number of its China stores would be lifted by at least 15 new stores with the total of around 45 outlets throughout China.

US stocks soared at the open on Wednesday as investors bet that George W. Bush would soon be declared the winner in the tight presidential race despite disputed results in the key state of Ohio.

CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Treasurys remained solidly lower Wednesday in the wake of election results that had President Bush ahead of Democratic challenger John Kerry.

World Trade Organization (WTO) talks on a transatlantic row over plane subsidies will bring no quick fix for what could be the biggest commercial dispute in WTO history, officials and analysts warned on Wednesday.

Wall Street threw a victory rally for President Bush today, driving up the entire market -- especially the stocks that investors believe will benefit from even more dominant Republican control of the federal government.

Ameren is offering some union workers at Illinois Power the chance to walk away from new management. The Saint Louis based utility company announced a voluntary separation opportunity for certain Ameren IP employees.

If you #39;ve ever been in an airplane that has to abort a landing, you know that it is a completely hair-raising, disorienting experience.

Cruising along the ever-stretching road of decline. Auto giant Ford Motor (nyse: F - news - people ) reported vehicle sales in October that fell 5 from a year ago.

US stocks rallied Wednesday, boosted by shares of health and defence companies that are seen benefiting from the re-election of President George W. Bush, but higher oil prices checked advances.

NEW YORK Time Warner, the largest US media company and owner of America Online, said Wednesday that its third-quarter profit fell 7.8 percent as it set aside money to pay for potential penalties stemming from a government inquiry into its accounting

CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - By upping the ante a bit, Constellation Brands has made an apparently successful bid to gobble up winemaker Robert Mondavi in a \$1.

Worldwide semiconductor sales will hit an all-time high in 2004 but stay relatively flat in 2005 before climbing again over the next two years, according to the Semiconductor Industry Association.

US President George W. Bush is on the verge of a re-election victory, but Democratic challenger John Kerry is not conceding defeat, at least not now.

CNH Global NV workers in Racine and three other cities went on strike Wednesday, six months after rejecting the company #39;s final contract offer.

News Corp. saw healthy gains in profit and revenue in the fiscal first quarter - helped by growth in advertising at the Fox News Channel and the Fox broadcast network, as

Focusing on the fast-growing Chinese market, Japan #39;s Toshiba and major Chinese appliance maker TCL have signed a broad agreement to cooperate in making and marketing appliances in China, the companies said Thursday.

Consumers shrugged off higher gasoline prices and weaker economic conditions to lift new car and truck sales up 2.2 percent in October.

Yukos warned yesterday it could declare bankruptcy within months following fresh tax claims that could leave Russia #39;s biggest oil company facing an astronomical bill of \$17 billion (R104 billion).

Crude futures eased slightly Thursday after a US government report showed another boost in supplies ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter.

CVS Corp. (CVS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US drugstore chain, on Thursday reported a lower quarterly profit as it grappled with expenses tied to its recent purchase of Eckerd drug stores from JC Penney Co.

MCI Inc. #39;s (MCIP.O: Quote, Profile, Research) quarterly loss ballooned to \$3.4 billion as the No. 2 US long-distance company wrote down the value of its assets due to

Mortgage rates around the country rose this week but are still at levels that should continue to provide support to the vibrant housing market, analysts say.

Telecom Corp today reported its September first quarter net profit rose 19 per cent to \$193 million. The profit bettered analysts #39; average forecasts of \$185m.

A PAINKILLER for arthritis sufferers should have been banned four years ago, experts said yesterday. Vioxx, used by 400,000 Brits, was taken off the market by its US makers last month due to potentially deadly side-effects.

Merck and federal officials should have withdrawn the painkiller Vioxx from the market as early as 2000 because studies of the drug had clearly shown that it doubled the risk of heart attacks

Merck  amp; Co Inc. should have pulled the arthritis drug Vioxx off the market in 2000, because there was enough evidence that showed it was associated with an increased heart attack risk, according to researchers.

United Airlines, trying to further pare costs so it can emerge from bankruptcy, said Thursday it is seeking about \$725 million in annual savings through proposed pay

ACE yesterday became the latest insurance company to announce changes in its business practices in response to the industry investigation launched by New York #39;s attorney general.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - United Airlines is expected to ask a  bankruptcy judge to let it extract new concessions worth \$725  million a year from employees as it seeks to reorganize, the  Wall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing unnamed sources.

NEW YORK/OTTAWA (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday its arthritis drug Celebrex was safe after a report in  a Canadian newspaper linked it to 14 deaths,

The Financial Services Authority has cleared Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano's 9bn takeover of Abbey National.

Making sneakers in America is so yesterday. How can New Balance do it -- and still thrive?

palmOneUpgrades Treo With Faster Chip, Better Display\With more than 600,000 units shipped, the Treo 600 is one of the big smartphone success stories. Last week, palmOne introduced the follow-on Treo 650 with a higher resolution 320-by-320-pixel TFT screen, which the company claims increases the visible area of the display and makes pictures and documents much clearer. The 650 also carries a removable battery; 32MB of flash memory, and a faster 312MHz, Intel XScale processor. Improved multimedia features include a built-in MP3 player, a digital camera with improved low-light capabilities, as well as video capture and playback functionality. Products are expected to ship by years end from some carriers who will add their own services, and will be priced at about \$499.\ Treo 650, palmOne

The UK #39;s Financial Services Authority approved Santander Central Hispano SA #39;s 9.4 billion-pound (\$17.4 billion) takeover of Abbey National Plc, paving the way for Europe #39;s biggest cross-border bank merger.

CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Could it be that people are just tired of buying things on the cheap at Wal-Mart? Free! Sign up here to receive our Weekly Roundup e-Newsletter!

LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar teetered just above nine-year  lows on a trade-weighted basis on Friday as investors waited  for key U.S. jobs data before deciding whether to extend the  greenback's recent decline.

LONDON (Reuters) - European shares strongly extended gains  on Friday after data showed job creation in the U.S. economy  was double expectations at 337,000 in October.

PRODUCTIVITY gains should keep Commonwealth Bank in a sweet spot for years to come, departing chairman John Ralph claimed yesterday.

Vornado Realty Trust said on Friday it has acquired a 4.3 percent stake in the retailer Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.. Sears #39; stock rose as high as \$45.

United Airlines is moving to obtain another \$725 million in labor concessions and eliminate employees' traditional pensions as it seeks the financing to come out of bankruptcy.

Throngs of lawyers who represent people allegedly hurt or killed by the withdrawn painkiller Vioxx will gather in California and Las Vegas next week to discuss preparing class-action lawsuits against the drug #39;s maker, Merck  amp; Co.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sears, Roebuck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt; shares  jumped as much as 25 percent on Friday after real estate  company Vornado Realty Trust &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VNO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VNO.N&lt;/A&gt; said it raised its stake  in the retailer, a step that could lead Sears to convert some  of its real estate assets into cash.

Molson Inc., Canada #39;s biggest beermaker, said it will pay minority shareholders a special dividend to overcome opposition to its planned C\$3.

NEW YORK/CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. fell  almost 9 percent on Friday after an analyst forecast a sharp  drop in the price over the next 12 months as the Internet  search company grows more slowly.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. jobs were created at the  heartiest pace in seven months during October, the government   said on Friday, spurred by rebuilding in the hurricane-battered  Southeast and brisk hiring in service industries.

Sears, Roebuck and Co. #39;s stock shot up 23 percent Friday after a real estate investment trust disclosed it had purchased a 4.3 percent interest in the department-store chain.

The company beats third-quarter estimates and raises yearly guidance, but Wall Street doesn't seem to care.

Cazenove said it had agreed to hive off its investment banking business into a joint venture with JP Morgan Chase and Co, in effect ending the independence of the 181-year-old British bank.

Vornado Realty Trust gave Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. #39;s stock a big boost Friday when it said it bought a 4.3 percent stake in the famous but struggling chain.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still anticipates  a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at its  stores open at least a year.

The bitterly fought \$8.1bn (4.5bn) bid battle for control of Gold Fields is set to become even more acrimonious this week when Harmony Gold Mining launches a fresh attack on its target #39;s track record.

HUNTSVILLE, ONT. - The Ontario government plans to introduce legislation that will require students to stay in school until they reach the age of 18, said the province?

There they stand, glinting in the sun, hanging off the shore of Manhattan like fruit-laden branches of a money tree: The free bridges over the East River to Brooklyn and Queens.

Reuters - The bonanza many believe President\Bush has handed the mutual fund industry with his plans to\reform Social Security may be a mirage, industry leaders said\on Friday.

Charles O. Prince, the chief executive of Citigroup, is on a campaign to revamp the banking giant's culture after a financial scandal in Japan tainted its reputation.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - The bonanza many believe President  Bush has handed the mutual fund industry with his plans to  reform Social Security may be a mirage, industry leaders said  on Friday.

Members of the grocery workers union will continue to meet to discuss the final contract proposal from King Soopers, Safeway and Albertsons following a surprise decision by the international union to halt voting on the offers.

AFP - The South Korean government is preparing a huge  quot;New Deal quot; spending package in the next few years to revive the country's sagging economy, Yonhap news agency said.

LONDON: Britains BT Group is hoping to make a dramatic return to the US with a \$1bn acquisition of Californian telecoms group Infonet Services, the Sunday Times reported.

There will be no jobs for unskilled workers in Britain within 10 years, the leading employers #39; organisation claims today. The prediction is based on the growth in

As YUKOS contemplates a staggering \$17.5 billion tax bill, the spectre of bankruptcy has never seemed closer for Russia #39;s biggest oil company.

Reforming the tax system is more politically risky and economically complex than the president let on during the campaign.

If there is a good rule of thumb about the Federal Reserve, it is this: A startling economic report is not enough to sway policy. When the Labor Department reported

The Securities and Exchange Commission is looking at brokerage firms suspected of failing to get customers the best stock prices, people briefed on the inquiry said.

Near the entrance for the Christmas Tree Shop on Route 1 in Lynnfield, Barbara Patten stood next to her Salvation Army kettle and played her flute on a recent Saturday as customers walked past.

Is the market for initial public offerings open or closed? Few questions loom larger for venture capital firms, which risk money on entrepreneurial companies and look for ''liquidity events quot; that will help them recoup their investments. But more than at any other time in the recent past, the answer may depend on your vantage point.

There are two topics most venture capitalists hate to discuss: companies they invested in that tanked, and companies they didn't invest in that soared.

Westpac Bank has reported a record after-tax profit of \$2.54 billion, a 16 per cent increase on the previous year #39;s results. The bank has also announced a final dividend of 44 cents, taking the full-year dividend to 86 cents fully franked.

A new \$100 million retail telling platform, which was completed in the first half of this year, and the growing cost of compliance were the key drivers for the rise according to the bank #39;s 2004 Annual Roadshow presentation.

Heart patients aren #39;t more likely to live long term after getting the artery-opening tubes called stents, according to a study released yesterday by researchers at Duke University.

LONDON, November 8 (newratings.com) - British Airways #39; (BAI1.FSE) second-quarter pretax profits more than doubled this fiscal year, boosted by the company #39;s effective cost reduction measures and a robust upturn in the long-haul passenger traffic trends.

Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived in the Hague last night to participate in the India-European summit.  quot;In recognition of Indias growing stature and influence, the EU has proposed a strategic partnership with India.

CHICAGO - United Airlines #39; workers are getting formal details on how the bankrupt company wants to replace their traditional pension with a 401(k)-style benefit plan - plus further steep reductions in pay and other benefits.

US stocks opened slightly lower on Monday as investors pause after a three-day rally last week, with interest rates and a weakening dollar gaining focus now that the presidential election is over.

THE haste with which News Corporation has adopted a  quot;poison pill quot; - or stockholders rights plan - following the bold move of John Malone #39;s Liberty Media to put its foot on a further 8 per cent of the voting stock demonstrates a real concern as to his

AUSTRALIAN home owners can breathe a sigh of relief: stable interest rates are predicted well into next year. The Reserve Bank issued a glowing report card on the Australian economy yesterday, now that the

Canadian housing starts fell 5.4 percent to an annual pace of 225,000 units in October, led by drops in multi- and single-family homebuilding in cities, the federal government #39;s housing agency said.

Even with a boost from higher oil prices and growing concern about global warming, the payoff on most alternative energy technologies seems a ways off.

SEATTLE/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; said  on Monday it had agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with  Novell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NOVL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NOVL.O&lt;/A&gt; and an industry trade group, marking the  end of a decade-long antitrust battle.

Treasuries slipped lower on Monday as investors positioned themselves to absorb \$51 billion of new supply this week ahead of an expected Federal Reserve increase in official interest rates.

News Corp, the media group led by Rupert Murdoch, on Monday announced plans for a poison pill rights issue to prevent a hostile takeover by potential predators such as Liberty Media, one of the company #39;s largest shareholders.

The stock will continue to be depressed, but things will improve if Celebrex's safety is proven.

EIGHT eBay sellers were ordered to pay nearly \$US90,000 (\$118,000) in restitution and fines after admitting they had bid on products to inflate the prices.

Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  said\on Monday it agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with Novell\Inc.  and an industry trade group, marking the end of a\decade-long antitrust battle.

SEATTLE/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; said  on Monday said it will pay \$536 million to its smaller rival  Novell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NOVL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NOVL.O&lt;/A&gt; to settle an antitrust suit and resolved a  10-year dispute with a computer trade group.

BERLIN: BT Group Plc, Britain #39;s largest phone company, plans to buy Infonet Services Corp. for US\$965mil to add a data network spanning more than 180 countries.

LCC International Inc., which offers wireless voice and data technical consulting, on Monday saw shares plummet as much as 12 percent in after-hours trade after the company swung to a third-quarter profit but predicted lower revenues are ahead.

NEW YORK - Six Flags Inc. #39;s third-quarter net income fell 60 percent, as cool weather hurt attendance at its amusement parks. Six Flags late Monday reported net income of \$56.

Oracle Corp. said Monday it will drop a lawsuit it filed in Delaware against PeopleSoft, its rival and takeover target, if a majority of PeopleSoft

_ The New York Times Co. plans to sell its building on West 43rd Street in Manhattan to a partnership led by Tishman Speyer Properties, the companies announced Monday.

For the second time in less than two months, a prospective buyer of the prime Fan Pier land in South Boston has pulled out of a deal.

AP - German finance professionals grew sharply more pessimistic about the country's economic growth outlook, fearing that the euro's record highs against the U.S. dollar will weigh on exports, a monthly survey showed Tuesday.

Reuters - EchoStar Communications Corp. \on Tuesday said third-quarter profit rose on an aggressive\campaign to add more new subscribers.

LONDON (Reuters) - Oil on Tuesday extended a price slide  that has cut 12 percent from record highs in two weeks as  growing signs of ample supply eases concerns over fuel stocks  for the northern winter.

LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar held almost a cent above its  record low against the euro on Tuesday, winning a respite after  heavy selling as European officials warned about a strong euro  and investors grew wary ahead of U.S. trade data.

Lloyds TSB Group Plc, the UK #39;s No. 5 bank by assets, plans to move at least another 1,000 employees from Britain to Asia, where labor costs are lower.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Drugstore chain CVS Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CVS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CVS.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said October sales at stores open at least a year rose  5.4 percent on higher demand for prescriptions and other  merchandise at its CVS stores.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened flat on Tuesday as  investors took another pause after last week's big rally, with  the Fed expected to raise interest rates a quarter point on  Wednesday.

The America Online unit of Time Warner Inc. (TWX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is reorganizing itself into four operational units to improve decision making, the Wall Street Journal and the Washington Post reported on Tuesday.

Cablevision Systems Corp. on Tuesday said it narrowed its third-quarter loss as revenue jumped 20 percent, buoyed by subscriber growth.

Reuters - World cocoa prices rose from intraday\lows, but exports from the Ivory Coast, the key global\supplier, remain on hold after mob violence and military\clashes paralyze business in the West African country, traders\said on Tuesday.

AFP - The unexpected boom in US job creation in October has locked in an interest rate rise and will likely encourage another tightening in December, analysts said.

Reuters - Cisco Systems Inc., the biggest maker\of equipment that directs data over the Internet, on Tuesday\said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on rising demand for\its networking gear.

The Federal Reserve is expected to nudge interest rates up for a fourth time this year on Wednesday, acting on the belief that the economy has finally emerged from an extended  quot;soft patch.

MARSH  amp; MCLENNAN, the insurance broker, is to axe 3,000 jobs to help to prop up its flagging profits, which have been hurt by a \$232 million (125 million) charge to cover a potential settlement with Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney-general.

LOS ANGELES/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - California's insurance  commissioner on Tuesday ended his opposition to Anthem Inc.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ATH.N&lt;/A&gt; proposed \$16.5 billion acquisition of WellPoint Health  Networks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WLP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WLP.N&lt;/A&gt; after Anthem agreed to hike its funding  of state health projects.

Crude oil futures closed below 48 dollars a barrel Tuesday, the lowest level in seven weeks amid rising expectations about US oil supply for this winter.

LONDON Marks  amp; Spencer announced a management shake-up Tuesday that cost six senior executives their jobs, as the company said profit plunged and sales dipped in its home market for the first half of 2004.

EUROPE #39;s biggest chipmaker, Infineon, rocked the technology world today as profits fell e100m (70m) short of analysts #39; expectations.

Vivendi Universal, the French media group that almost collapsed into bankruptcy two years ago, yesterday surprised investors with strong third-quarter revenues driven by soaring music sales in the Britain and North America.

Cisco Systems has reported first-quarter profits of \$1.4 on sales of \$6 billion. Despite cautious spending by its corporate customers, softness in the global economy and a lingering uncertainty over whether

WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--New Zealand medical equipment maker Fisher  amp; Paykel Healthcare Corp. (FPH.NZ) said Wednesday it is confident it can better the high revenue growth

The outside adviser who helped draft the 1995 employment agreement for the president of Walt Disney, Michael S. Ovitz, testified on Tuesday that he had reservations

Vodafone launches its third-generation services for mobile phones, offering video calls, music downloads and games.

They were preaching to the choir, but Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer still did their best to sell the virtues of Microsoft stock at the company #39;s annual shareholder meeting yesterday in Bellevue.

Northrop Grumman Corp. and Boeing Co. yesterday announced plans to team up to design a vehicle to take astronauts back to the moon and even beyond, but they #39;ve got to make one stop first

Share prices in Hong Kong rose Wednesday, led by airline stocks, on falling oil prices. The key Hang Seng Index jumped 155.70 points, or 1.2 percent, to end at 13,672.

LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Cable   Wireless posted its  first net profit in over 3 years and announced plans to cut 600  jobs and return cash to investors, sending the telecom  company's shares racing to 5-month highs on Wednesday.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines on Wednesday said it  plans to cut between 6,000 and 6,900 jobs during the next 18  months, implement a 10 percent across-the-board pay reduction  and reduce employee benefits in a bid to avoid bankruptcy.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Federated Department Stores Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FD.N&lt;/A&gt;, parent of Macy's and Bloomingdale's, posted  higher-than-expected quarterly earnings on Wednesday, as the  company rebounded from the Florida hurricanes.

The traditional pattern shakes its fussy image as designers give it a new look

Two dozen protesters greeted Mayor Tony Williams and top executives of Shell, who came to open North America #39;s first hydrogen refueling station.

NEW ORLEANS - This morning, Pfizer was blindsided as The New York Times reported information about a reanalysis of old data that say the drug giant #39;s Bextra, which is similar to Merck #39;s Vioxx, increased the risk of heart attacks and strokes.

TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks are expected to change  little from the previous day's closing levels on Thursday as  investors await key domestic economic data and earnings reports  from companies such as Tokyo Electron Ltd.  September machinery  orders data is due on Thursday afternoon, ahead of Friday's  gross domestic product (GDP) figures for the July-September  quarter.

MANHASSET, NY - Intel Corp. (Santa Clara, Calif.) has taken some lumps this year due to weakening market conditions and several strategic errors, but the semiconductor supplier remains loyal to its shareholders.

But taxpayers won #39;t have to foot the bill -- Massachusetts Turnpike managers say the repairs are the responsibility of the private contractors who built the nearly 15 (b) billion dollar tunnel project.

Halo 2 broke entertainment retail records in its first 24 hours. Microsoft Game Studios said that the video game sold through 2.4 million stores in the US and Canada raking in \$125 million in sales.

THE Bank of England yesterday cut its forecast for UK economic growth next year to 2.5 per cent and said inflation could be below expectations.

TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average was up 0.37 percent in  mid-morning trade on Thursday as a recovery in the dollar  helped auto makers among other exporters, but trade was slow as  investors waited for important Japanese economic data.

America #39;s central bank, the Federal Reserve, last night raised interest rates for the fourth time in six months and warned US consumers and businesses to expect further increases in the cost of borrowing over the coming months.

The Federal Reserve suggested that it would continue to raise interest rates gradually through much of next year.

Intel Corp., the world #39;s biggest computer-chip maker, doubled its quarterly dividend and boosted its stock buyback program by \$11.

Delta Air Lines, fighting to avoid bankruptcy, said yesterday that it had won approval to bypass shareholders to issue up to 75 million common shares.

The price of oil futures jumped sharply Wednesday when a disappointing decline in the US heating-oil supply trumped growth in the crude stockpile.

The UK's minimum wage should rise to rise to 6 an hour in the next two years, the TUC says, but business calls the proposal "totally irresponsible".

Officials of embattled Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. yesterday moved to squelch speculation that its Boston money management firm, Putnam Investments, will be divorced from its corporate parent, either in a sale to an outside buyer or through a private buyout engineered by Putnam executives.

Blue-chip shares have retreated from 28-month highs, with insurer Royal  amp; Sun Alliance leading the losers as investors baulk at the potential for further adverse claims from its US business and a rating downgrade.

LONDON (Dow Jones)--Metropolitan Life Global Funding has mandated HSBC, Deutsche Bank and Royal Bank of Scotland to lead-manage its forthcoming sterling-denominated bond issue, one of the lead managers said Thursday.

South African mining giant Gold Fields lost a high court bid to halt a hostile takeover by rival Harmony Gold, which is seeking to create the world #39;s biggest gold producer, a court official said.

Jones Apparel Group said Thursday it struck a deal to acquire Barneys New York Inc., agreeing to pay \$400 million for the upscale clothing retailer #39;s outstanding stock and debt.

HSBC, Standard Chartered, Hang Seng bank announced Thursday that they will cut their lending and saving rates despite the 25 points rate hike in the United States overnight.

A company with a middle-brow reputation announced a deal today to buy the singularly trendy clothing chain.

So far, Wall Street #39;s hoped-for fourth-quarter rally has met investors #39; expectations. But there #39;s been enough bad news lately to make you wonder if the buying will sputter.

PepsiCo Inc., the world #39;s second-largest carbonated soft-drink maker, reaffirmed its outlook for 2005 Thursday after rival Coca-Cola Co.

Target Corp. , the No. 2 US discount retailer, on Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit on stronger sales and gains from selling its Mervyn #39;s department store chain, and forecast 2004 would end well.

With positive and negative results, it remains to be seen what type of Fossil this company really is.

Less than a week after it launched a media blitz to boost its image, Nortel Networks Ltd. postponed yet again the release of its financial statements, underlining the company #39;s challenges to steer out of the

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Pilots at Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Thursday ratified a concession package that will save the  carrier \$1 billion a year, in a move the company hopes will buy  it time to restructure outside of bankruptcy.

The World Trade Organization says the US ban on cross-border gambling violates international trade laws; the United States said it would appeal.

Agilent #39;s (A:NYSE - news - research) fiscal fourth quarter came up light, and the company slashed first-quarter guidance. Blaming a weak chip business, the Palo Alto, Calif.

Reuters - Pilots at Delta Air Lines Inc. \on Thursday ratified a concession package that will save the\carrier  #36;1 billion a year, in a move the company hopes will buy\it time to restructure outside of bankruptcy.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Pilots at Delta Air Lines Inc. on  Thursday ratified a concession package that will save the  carrier \$1 billion a year, in a move the company hopes will buy  it time to restructure outside of bankruptcy.

Intel #39;s board has given the go ahead for the long anticipated shift in power from current CEO Craig Barrett to current President Paul Otellini Come May 18, Otellini will take over the chipmaker and become its fifth ever CEO.

Intel #39;s board, as expected, has named Paul Otellini to succeed Craig Barrett as CEO effective next May 18, the company announced Thursday.

The European Commission approved a joint venture that would group two Hollywood movie studios with a video-on-demand company to compete with Rupert Murdoch's BSkyB company.

(1010 WINS) (NEWARK) NJ Transit #39;s executive director on Thursday said the agency #39;s 400,000 daily riders should expect fare hikes of up to 15 percent starting in July to offset a projected \$50 million deficit caused by higher fuel and security costs and

SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Pilots at Delta Air Lines approved a management-backed pay cut that will save the airline \$5 billion over the next five years, the pilots union said Thursday.

TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen advanced against the dollar on  Friday, shrugging off weak third-quarter growth figures for  Japan as market worries persisted about the huge U.S. deficits.

The French government is considering a linkup of European Aeronautic Defence  amp; Space Co. with Thales SA to create an aerospace giant, the financial daily Les Echos reported Friday.

Austrian regulators have approved Siemens AG #39;s bid to takeover engineering competitor VA Technologie AG, Austrian radio said Friday.

Pixar Animation Studio reported on Thursday strong third-quarter results that were lifted by solid home video sales of its older blockbuster hits  quot;Finding Nemo #39; #39; and  quot;Monsters, Inc.

AFP - The French economy hit a rough patch in the third quarter, throwing the government's full-year growth target into question amid signs of an economic slowdown in the 12-nation eurozone.

Auto sales declined 2.2 percent in October after a 4.3 percent increase in September. Excluding autos, retail sales rose 0.9 percent, the strongest sales since May.

Reuters - New York Attorney General Eliot\Spitzer, who is probing bid-rigging in the insurance industry,\expects to file suit against health insurance consultant\Universal Life Resources as early as Friday, a spokesman for\his office said.

Forbes.com - ARRIS GROUP (5, ARRS) saw its market cap unjustifiably halved recently when Comcast, a huge customer (24 of Arris' sales), hinted it might buy next-generation technology from Cisco Systems. Arris supplies the technical guts that cable companies use to provide phone service. (For the reverse phenomenon, see story on p. 162.)

Donors to the Palestinians are asking  whether the change of leadership can let more light into Palestinian finances.

New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer on Friday filed suit against Universal Life Resources (ULR), charging the life and disability insurance broker with taking fraudulent kick-backs for steering business to certain insurers

NEW YORK (Reuters) - SunTrust Banks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STI.N&lt;/A&gt;, which  fired three executives over its accounting for bad loans, on  Friday restated first-half profit higher by \$25.1 million, more  than it had forecast, to fix the mistakes.

GenCorp (GY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is expected to reject a \$17 per share offer from US investment fund Steel Partners II, according to a report by CNBC.

BOSTON Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney is calling for the resignation of the head of the state #39;s Turnpike Authority. Romney #39;s move comes in the wake of reports that a record 14-point-six (b) billion-dollar

Consumers shrugged off record oil prices to increase spending at the start of the fourth quarter, data released Friday by the Commerce Department showed.

Federal Reserve officials agreed at a meeting in September that they probably would keep raising their benchmark interest rate in coming quarters because of the likelihood of continued solid economic growth.

David Martz, like many other area farmers, just sighed upon hearing the news that Asian soybean rust had been discovered in Louisiana.

US Airways asked to throw out contracts covering passenger service agents, flight attendants and other workers and replace them with less-expensive ones.

A drug safety expert says his invitation to participate in a meeting on the risks of arthritis drugs like Vioxx and Bextra has been rescinded by government officials because he publicly expressed concerns about the medications.

NEW DELHI : Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh pledged to try to shield the poor by keeping down prices of essential goods amid rising inflation.

There were two stories last week that will have world-shaping implications. The first was in a Paris hospital and a compound in Ramallah.

Stocks extended their rally on Friday, led by technology shares after computer maker Dell Inc. (DELL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) shot up 8 percent on a higher quarterly profit and an optimistic forecast.

While media and political attention is on the threat of outsourcing, the reality is that outsourcing is a sideshow in a much larger event.

Longtime Gonzales County rancher Jim Selman, who raises calves in the biggest cattle county in the nation #39;s biggest cattle state, sees 2004 as a year to remember.

A flurry of companies may miss the deadline to comply with new regulations brought in after the corporate scandals of 2002, but the key for investors will be to judge how serious the underlying problems really are.

Mumbai: Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and Scottish oil firm Cairn Energy Ltd have decided to team up for oil exploration and production (E amp;P) in the domestic as well as international markets.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WWY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WWY.N&lt;/A&gt; is buying  the Life Savers and Altoids candy and mint businesses from  Kraft Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KFT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KFT.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$1.48 billion in cash, the  companies said on Monday.

Shortages of coal and electricity are expected to fail to keep up with demand this winter, state media reported Monday. The National Power Regulatory Commission reported high demand for virtually every region

The announcement came as Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer opened the group #39;s new Indian headquarters in the city of Hyderabad.

NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Lowe #39;s reported a strong 15.5 percent increase in earnings in the third quarter early Monday and offered a bullish outlook for the full year.

Air France-KLM on Monday posted a 61 percent rise in revenue in the group #39;s fiscal second quarter, boosted by the merger between the French and Dutch carriers and a strong rise in passenger and cargo revenue.

LONDON (CBS.MW) -- European markets saw a moderate advance in early trade Monday, carrying over some of the late-session rally on Wall Street and helped by steel group Arcelor #39;s view of Chinese demand.

Fed Governor Speaks (12:45 pm ET) Federal Reserve Governor Mark Olson speaks about his economic outlook at a roundtable lunch in Toronto.

Microsoft is making big news in India this week by expanding its Hyderabad campus and signing two lucrative deals in Asias fourth largest economy.

The deficit at the federal agency that rescues failed US pension funds more than doubled to \$23.3 billion in fiscal 2004, officials said on Monday, as the safety net was hit by losses from pension plans that have failed or are

Reuters - U.S. regulators filed fraud charges\on Monday against former Hollinger International Inc. \Chairman Conrad Black and his deputy, David Radler, moving to\bar the two from serving as officers of a public company.

Boeing Co. on Monday said it is offering a 777 cargo model that will be the largest and farthest-flying twin-engine freighter. The Boeing 777 freighter is scheduled to enter service in the fourth quarter of 2008.

Deutsche Bank AG of Germany plans to sell its New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati and Chicago offices of Scudder Private Investment Counsel to Legg Mason Inc. for \$55 million, plus payments of up to \$26 million, the company said Monday.

Microsoft Corp., the world #39;s largest software maker, will hire several hundred #39; #39; people in the next year at its development center in India, expanding its workforce of 800, Chief Executive Steve Ballmer said.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators filed fraud charges  on Monday against former Hollinger International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLR.N&lt;/A&gt;  Chairman Conrad Black and his deputy, David Radler, moving to  bar the two from serving as officers of a public company.

Home improvement retailer Lowe #39;s Cos. (LOW.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a 15 percent rise in third-quarter profit, aided by its expansion to New York

NEW YORK: Boeing Co said today it will manufacture a cargo version of the twin-engine Boeing 777 commercial airliner. Due to enter service late in the fourth quarter of 2008, the Boeing 777 Freighter will

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices touched 2-month lows near  \$45 a barrel on Monday before taking back most of their losses,  but the downward trend knocked energy company stocks lower and  U.S. stock indexes ended little changed. A rise in Microsoft  shares helped boost the technology sector.

SAN FRANCISCO: MarketWatch Inc, which owns the CBS.MarketWatch.com website, has agreed to be acquired by Dow Jones  amp; Co for US\$520mil, ending a month-long bidding war for the online financial news and information provider.

The Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500-stock index slipped from a three-year high, dragged lower by energy shares including Exxon Mobil as crude-oil prices dropped to their lowest in almost two months.

CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. said Monday that it #39;s getting into the candy business via a \$1.48 billion acquisition of the Life Savers and Altoids brands, among others, from Kraft Foods Inc.

ScanSoft Inc. said it plans three acquisitions. The company will acquire Phonetic Systems Ltd., a provider of automated directory assistance and voice-based programs, for \$35 million in cash, and an additional consideration of up to \$35 million, based on the achievement of performance targets and the potential vesting of a warrant to buy 750,000 common shares. ART Advanced Recognition Technologies ...

Four years after filing suit against the Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Cos., Shell service station owners in Massachusetts went before a US District Court judge in Boston yesterday, charging that Shell took several measures in the late 1990s to drive them out of business.

The New York Times has appointed Michael Oreskes, who directed much of the newspaper #39;s coverage of the Clinton-Lewinsky scandal, to deputy managing editor.

Microsoft on Tuesday announced its decision to localise Windows and Office software in 14 Indian languages over the next 12 months and that the company would hire  #39;hundreds #39; in India this year.

WRIGLEY is buying the Life Savers and Altoids sweet and mint businesses from Kraft Foods for 800 million. The deal allows Wrigley to expand in the sweet section, while leaving Kraft to focus on the rest of its food business.

NOVA Chemicals Corp. said Tuesday it has agreed to form a joint venture with BP PLC to manufacture and market styrenic polymers in Europe.

Reuters - Department store operator J.C. Penney\Co. Inc.  on Tuesday said third-quarter profit rose 86.3\percent, helped by stronger sales and fewer markdowns.

Wholesale prices shot up 1.7 last month, biggest gain in nearly 15 years and well above expectations, as energy costs skyrocketed and food prices surged, a government report said Tuesday.

Employees and some investors in Google will be able to sell shares in the company as the latest "lockup" phase on sales ends.

MACAO Publishing  amp; Broadcasting said Tuesday that it had bought a stake in Stanley Ho #39;s latest gambling project in Macao as Asia #39;s two leading casino operators team up to expand in the region.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Tuesday  after a government report showing a much larger-than-expected  rise in U.S. producer prices in October raised inflation  concerns.

Crude oil fell to the lowest price in almost two months after Iran, OPEC #39;s second-biggest oil producer, said it would stop enriching uranium to ward off US calls for sanctions.

American Express is suing Visa and MasterCard plus eight US banks, claiming anti-competitive tactics kept it out of the market. The litigation is the latest setback for Visa and MasterCard, which last month

Electronic Data Systems Corp. finally settled a dispute with outside auditors and reported a third-quarter loss of \$153 million due to the write-down of a huge contract to build a computer network for the Navy.

Nova Chemicals Corp., Canada #39;s largest chemical maker, and BP Plc, Europe #39;s biggest oil company, agreed to merge their European styrenics polymer businesses into a 50-50 venture to reduce costs.

Disgruntled shareholders file suit to force talks with Oracle while PeopleSoft's two largest shareholders agree to disagree.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Two senior insurance underwriters at  Zurich American Insurance Co. pleaded guilty  on Tuesday to  misdemeanors related to bid-rigging in the insurance market.

Reuters - Hewlett-Packard Co.  on\Tuesday said quarterly profit topped its own lowered\expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record\revenues in every business and every region.

SAN FRANCISCO, - Shares of Google Inc. fell as much as 6.5 percent Tuesday, as selling restrictions were lifted on 39 million shares held by employees and early investors in the newly public Web search company.

CHICAGO - Motorola Inc. is acquiring MeshNetworks Inc., developer of a Wi-Fi based technology that is expected to help land more contracts for its growing government contracting business.

Crude oil futures fell Tuesday after moving above \$47 US a barrel in intraday trading. December delivery crude on the New York Mercantile Exchange dropped 76 cents to \$46.11 per barrel.

Michael D. Eisner appeared for a second day of testimony in the shareholder lawsuit over the lucrative severance package granted to Michael S. Ovitz.

China and Argentina signed five agreements in Buenos Aires Tuesday that will allow them to expand cooperation in the areas of trade, space, education, tourism and railways.

Burst.com asked a US judge to penalize Microsoft for destroying e-mails it says the world #39;s largest software company should have preserved as evidence in antitrust suits.

December delivery crude on the New York Mercantile Exchange dropped 76 cents to \$46.11 per barrel. The benchmark light, sweet crude remained about \$8 a barrel cheaper than its closing record of \$55.17 recorded Oct. 22 and Oct. 26.

LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar crashed through key barriers  to a record low on the euro and a 7-month low on the yen on  Wednesday, as concern mounted a forthcoming G20 finance  ministers' meeting would do little to halt its slide.

The US Treasury Secretary pledges commitment to a strong dollar, as the currency hits another record low against euro.

DISAPPOINTMENT over Wal-Marts third-quarter sales performance and news of a sharp rise in October producer prices sent shares in the United States on a downward path yesterday.

The Audit Bureau of Circulations released the long-awaited results of its audit of the Tribune Company #39;s scandal-tarred Newsday on Tuesday, confirming the magnitude of the discrepancies uncovered by the company #39;s recent internal audit.

PHILADELPHIA - The Internal Revenue Service is looking for 1,088 Southeastern Pennsylvanians whose income tax refund checks could not be delivered.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. housing starts jumped a  larger-than-expected 6.4 percent in October to the busiest pace  since December as buyers took advantage of low mortgage rates,  a government report showed on Wednesday.

Two of the nation's most well-known companies today said they would combine to form the third-largest U.S. retailer.

Surging energy costs drove US consumer prices up by a hefty and larger-than-expected 0.6 percent last month, the biggest jump since May, a government report showed on Wednesday.

Washington Post business columnist Steven Pearlstein will be online to discuss his latest column, which looks at the Bush administration's plans for Social Security and health care.

The sixth season of a popular reality television show is ready to rock the world.

SAN DIEGO San Diego-based Jack in the Box says profit for its latest quarter soared 32 percent. The fast-food chain says net income for the fourth quarter rose to 21-point-7 (m) million dollars from 16-point-4 (m) million a year ago.

Shares of local companies Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia and Vornado Realty Trust were boosted by news that Sears and Kmart will merge in an \$11 billion deal, creating a new company called Sears Holdings with about \$55 billion in yearly revenue and

TORONTO (Reuters) - Enbridge Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENB.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENB.TO&lt;/A&gt; will buy Shell's  Gulf of Mexico natural gas pipelines for \$613 million in a move  that will make it a major transporter in the huge gas-producing  area, Canada's No. 2 pipeline company said on Wednesday.

Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world #39;s biggest retailer, informed it was confident to see  quot;another record quarter and a successful holiday season quot; after posting solid third-quarter results.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rallied on  Wednesday as inflation excluding food and energy, one of the  Federal Reserve's preferred price measures, proved less  dramatic than bond bulls had feared.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday  after Kmart's plan to buy Sears in an \$11.5 billion deal was  announced and computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; posted  solid earnings.

BAE Systems says it has found out that it is being investigated by the UK's Serious Fraud Office.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. executives are reaping another  year of abundant pay, and the rich rewards are likely to stir  demands for greater disclosure on how and why heads of  companies are compensated.

Reuters - The dollar was in striking distance of\record lows against the euro and 7-    month lows versus the\yen on Thursday, as traders concluded that nations at an\upcoming G20 meeting would tolerate a weaker dollar.

In the early 1980s, Sears and Kmart were American retail giants, with gobs of money, huge portfolios of real estate and loyal customer bases that should have made them fast-growing fulfillers of Americans #39; insatiable demand for more stuff.

Stocks closed higher on Wall Street as investors welcomed the merger of Kmart Holding Corp. and Sears. However, climbing oil prices restricted gains.

US Bankruptcy Court Judge Stephen Mitchell will hear arguments today asking him to reconsider a four-month, 21 percent pay cut he imposed on many unionized workers last month.

WASHINGTON -- The two founders of the Pilgrim Baxter mutual fund family have agreed to pay \$80 million each to settle regulators' charges of improper trading to benefit themselves and friends at the expense of longer-term shareholders, the authorities said yesterday.

A month after federal regulators adopted sweeping new rules for mutual fund oversight, fund trustees remain concerned about their ability to serve as watchdogs over fund managers and others who handle investor money, a new survey shows.

Stocks bounded higher Wednesday as investors shrugged off a fresh indicator of rising inflation and welcomed postitive economic reports and the merger of Kmart Holding Corp.

Italian bank Sanpaolo and Dexia, the Franco-Belgian group, confirmed they were in preliminary talks after a report that they were considering a merger to create a major cross-border lender.

PENNY-PINCHING American Airlines is to remove the pillows from half its planes to save \$300,000 (163,000) a year. While the cost savings are small beer compared with the \$4bn a year American has slashed

Houston, Nov 17 : US authorities are probing if Linda, wife of ex-Enron Chairman Ken Lay, acted improperly when she had their family foundation sell 1.3 million Enron stocks just days before the energy giant #39;s bankruptcy.

US commercial crude oil inventories increased 800,000 barrels to 292.3 million in the week ending Nov. 12, the Energy Department reported Wednesday.

SBC is teaming up with Microsoft to provide consumers with a new way to view television -- a move that puts it in direct competition with the cable TV industry.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. on Thursday said in a  letter to PeopleSoft Inc. stockholders that it would withdraw  its hostile takeover bid if less than half of PeopleSoft shares  were tendered by the offer's deadline.

Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday he had no plans to grab more power or change the constitution when reforming Russia #39;s government structure.

LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices were steady on Thursday as  concern over lean heating fuel supplies in the United States  and Europe ahead of winter stemmed falls of nearly \$10 since  late October.

Shares of Google Inc. slipped in pre-market trading Thursday after the world #39;s most popular Internet search engine warned for the second time in a week that its fourth-quarter revenue growth rate is likely to slow from previous quarters.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MDT.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday sank 7 percent to their lowest level in more than  three months after the medical device maker posted  weaker-than-expected growth in one of its key business units,  sparking at least three broker downgrades.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug  Administration failed the public in its oversight of Merck   Co  Inc.'s painkiller Vioxx, which has been withdrawn, and is  "incapable of protecting America" from another dangerous drug,  an agency researcher told Congress on Thursday.

SAN ANTONIO SBC Communications and Yahoo are expanding their high-speed Internet service partnership to link video, wireless phone, Internet and other services.

Shares of Claire #39;s Stores (CLE:NYSE - news - research) were among the NYSE #39;s losers Thursday, falling 15 after the company posted third-quarter results that missed analysts #39; expectations and warning about the fourth quarter.

Reuters - A key forecasting gauge of future\U.S. economic activity fell for a fifth straight month in\October, a private research firm said on Thursday.

The New Zealand dollar has hit its highest level this year, propelled by a dramatic dip in the US dollar. As the greenback slumped against most global currencies, the kiwi rose to 71.02USc, its highest level for eight years.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips rose on Thursday, led  by Altria Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MO.N&lt;/A&gt; and other tobacco stocks, after a  federal appeals court expressed skepticism about whether the  government could force cigarette makers in a lawsuit to pay  billions of dollars.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Government scientists are chasing a  possible new case of mad cow disease in the United States, with  final results on a suspicious slaughtered animal expected in  coming days, officials said on Thursday.

#39;Down With the FCC! #39; Howard Stern Says at New York Rally to Promote Switch to Satellite Radio. Radio host Howard Stern, below center, waits as thousands of his fans line up to receive a free Sirius radio from him in Union Square in New York Thursday, Nov.

Argentina recognized China as a market economy on Thursday, granting the Asian country a status it has been seeking worldwide to keep countries from imposing penalties on the dumping of Chinese exports.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A final test is likely to confirm a  second U.S. case of mad cow disease, experts said on Thursday,  though they see a small possibility the animal, which tested  "inconclusive" in two preliminary tests, could be given a clean  bill of health.

Reuters - Nike Inc.  co-founder\Philip Knight, who helped transform a small-start up business\into the world's biggest athletic shoe company, will step down\as chief executive officer, the company said on Thursday.

The co-founder of Nike Inc. Philip Knight has resigned from his position as chief executive officer, the company said on Thursday.

Reuters is reporting that the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has a possible second case of mad cow disease in the United States.

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; posted a 24  percent rise in profit on Thursday as advertising gains at ESPN  and ABC television networks more than made up for a sharp  slowdown at Disney's movie studio.

Washington - An expert with the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has said on Thursday he was pressured by his agency to stifle study results showing the potential dangers of the anti-inflammatory drug Vioxx.

Nike boss Phil Knight last night announced his decision to step down as chief executive of the footwear company he helped found 42 years ago.

Kmart Holding Corp and Sears, Roebuck and Co said Wednesday that they are merging to form a new retail company called Sears Holdings Corp that will be the US #39; third-largest retailer with about US\$55 billion in annual revenues.

AP - The United States and Australia have prevailed in an interim ruling by World Trade Organisation (WTO) in a dispute over the protection given by the European Union to its regional goods such as Champagne wine and Feta cheese, trade officials said.

American Airlines slashed its fares to Miami yesterday by as much as 85 percent from several cities including Washington's Reagan National Airport, possibly setting off a winter fare war on routes to Florida.

GEORGETOWN, Del., Nov. 18 -- When Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael D. Eisner and Disney President Michael S. Ovitz appeared on "Larry King Live" on Sept. 30, 1996, their corporate partnership was dissolving into an acrimonious disaster.

president effective December 28 after more than a year-long search. Knight, 66, who also will give up his title of president,. chairman, quot; Knight said in a statement on Thursday.

German Finance Minister Eichel called for the euro #39;s  quot;brutal quot; rise versus the dollar to be put on the agenda of the summit of G20 countries in Berlin this weekend amid concerns the greenback #39;s slide could hit EU growth.

DETROIT -- New car and truck sales rose more than two per cent during the first 10 months of 2004, but many of the companies that supply parts to the big automakers have little to celebrate -- their profits are shrinking as raw materials costs rise and

Hours after his close associate Howard Stern addressed a teeming crowd about the benefits of Sirius Satellite Radio, former Viacom Chief Operating Officer and President Mel Karmazin announced that he has signed onto the fledgling company as CEO.

Yahoo and SBC Communications have agreed to collaborate to extend some of the online services and content they currently provide to PC users to mobile phones and home entertainment devices.

Company will report preliminary count of its \$8.8B hostile bid for PeopleSoft after 1 am ET. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. said it would report preliminary results of its \$8.8 billion hostile tender offer

A planned sale of Russian energy giant Yukos #39; main asset has become clouded by confusion over the price, the participants and the legality of the sale.

A new computer virus is catching people out by coming back from the dead.

NEW YORK, November 19 (newratings.com) - Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus  amp; Company reiterate their  quot;outperform quot; rating on Sirius Satellite Radio (SIRI.

LONDON: EMI, the world #39;s third-largest music group, reported a drop in first-half profits on Friday but said the beleaguered industry was rebounding as online music sales start to take off.

AFP - US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said the United States' huge current account deficit cannot be indefinitely financed by foreign countries and investors.

NOVEMBER 19, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The California Employees #39; Retirement System (Calpers) is tendering its 1.5 million PeopleSoft Inc.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar sank across the board,  dropping to multiyear lows against the yen and the euro on  Friday, after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said  demand for U.S. assets could ease at some point given the size  of the current account deficit.

Federal regulators rejected on Friday the idea that allowing cable TV subscribers to pay only for channels they want would lower high cable bills.

Other than Comcast and ServiceMaster additions, it's been a quiet quarter of trading for this portfolio.

In a burgeoning political and engineering scandal, Boston #39;s gleaming new underground Interstate 93 highway is riddled with hundreds of leaks.

REDWOOD SHORES, Calif. Investors continue to bet today that most PeopleSoft shareholders will back Oracle #39;s nine-point-two (b) billion-dollar takeover bid for its bitter rival.

NEW YORK - Why has Carl Icahn set his sights on the relatively insignificant Mylan Laboratories, a generic drug company with just \$1.5 billion in sales and a \$4.3 billion market cap?

Russia pressed ahead yesterday with controversial plans to break up the country #39;s biggest oil company Yukos, setting a date of December 19 for an auction of its main production unit at a bargain basement starting price of \$8.65bn (4.88bn).

Consumers won #39;t have to pay a tax to log on to the Internet until at least 2007, after Congress voted Friday to renew a recently lapsed ban on Internet taxation.

By all appearances, Steven Woghin was a lawyer at the top of his game. After years in government service, the former Justice Department attorney had worked his way up to a comfortable six-figure salary and the chief legal job at software maker Computer Associates International Inc.

Despite announcing the biggest news in its short history, OSI Pharmaceuticals stock fell nearly 10 percent Friday, as some investors grew nervous about whether its newly approved cancer drug would be the bonanza they expected.

Leaders of the Senate Armed Services Committee asked the Defense Department on Friday to have its inspector general #39;s office investigate the Air Force #39;s effort to

You can #39;t get much clearer than No. That was the strongly implied response of the US Treasury secretary, John Snow, to Europe #39;s growing cries that he help it deal with a weakening dollar by intervening to stop the slide.

Reuters - The U.S. Congress asked the\Securities and Exchange Commission on Saturday to send\lawmakers a report justifying a new rule forcing mutual fund\boards to have independent chairmen.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress asked the  Securities and Exchange Commission on Saturday to send  lawmakers a report justifying a new rule forcing mutual fund  boards to have independent chairmen.

In these times of financial wrongdoing and subsequent systemic changes, it's only natural to wonder what a perfect investment world would look like.

Thirty-eight raucous days of picket lines, tough talk and the angst of 4,300 San Francisco hotel workers locked out of their jobs with the holidays nigh were put aside Saturday when negotiators for the hotels and the workers #39; union agreed to a 60-day

Drug giant Merck pulled its painkiller Vioxx because it increased the risk of heart attacks and strokes. Now the company may face thousands of lawsuits.

It #39;s the age old question:  quot;What do you give to the man who #39;s been everything? quot;. Only time will tell whether Phil Knight #39;s retirement will be as long-lived as so many players he paid to endorse Nike.

Shares of Taser International Inc. (TASR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) have jumped 20 percent since early last week as the stun gun maker issued a slew of announcements

Negotiators met Friday at the World Trade Organization for formal farm talks, capping a weeklong series of informal discussions on ways to reach a wider-ranging liberalization accord by the end of 2005.

Remember John Edwards Two Americas campaign theme? It occurred to me how well that theme fits the corporate world. For proof, look no further than the stockholder lawsuit against Walt Disney Co.

MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: The stage is set for a family meeting of the Ambanis here on Monday on the ownership issue in the Rs 80,000 crore-Reliance group of industries as Mukesh Ambani returned from the US even as his brother Anil is understood to have

Bolstered by investors, Oracle Corp. appears destined to complete its long-sought takeover of PeopleSoft Inc. unless its rival becomes more profitable and proves it #39;s worth more than the \$9.2 billion bid currently on the table.

Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin have announced plans to sell millions of shares in the web search company they launched in 1998.

Europe and Japan failed yesterday to persuade the United States to address the decline in the dollar, despite talks at a fractious meeting of the Group of 20 industrialised and developing nations.

Human Genome Sciences Inc. plans to announce today that it has hired a 20-year product development veteran from Abbott Laboratories Inc. as chief executive. H. Thomas Watkins, 51, will face the challenge of completing the Rockville company's makeover from gene hunter to drug marketer.

SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian building products manufacturer James Hardie Industries NV (JHX) surprised investors Monday by reporting a 9.5 drop in net profit for

SEATTLE -- Not too long ago, Google Inc. seemed little more than a pesky insect to Microsoft Corp.'s 800-pound gorilla.

398,000 Bumble Bee toys distributed by Graco Children #39;s Products. Graco received 26 reports of antennae breaking off the toys, including five reports of children who started to choke on the broken parts.

Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said a surge in after-Christmas shopping spurred December same-store sales gains of about 3 percent, at the high end of its forecast. Kmart Holding Corp. said profit rose 10 percent during the holiday season after it limited deep discounts.

The national passenger rail service risks a "major point of failure" if infrastructure needs remain unaddressed, the U.S. Department of Transportation warned in a scathing report made public.

Swiss firm Xstrata relaunches a takeover bid for Australian mining company WMC Resources by appealing directly to its shareholders.

AstraZeneca intends to invest over 120m in Cambridge Antibody Technology (CAT) through an innovative five-year research collaboration and a 75m equity

PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Donald Trump's casino operations  filed for bankruptcy Sunday in a long-expected move that would  allow the real estate maverick to restructure the company's  debt and overhaul its aging casinos.

Swiss mining group Xstrata PLC Monday launched a hostile 7.4 billion Australian dollar (US\$5.8 billion; euro4.4 billion) bid for uranium and copper miner WMC Resources LTD, increasing pressure on the independent Australian miner.

Hong Kong #39;s Disneyland theme park will open on Sept. 12, 2005 and become the driving force for growth in the city #39;s tourism industry, Hong Kong #39;s government and Walt Disney Co.

Ryanair is making Liverpool #39;s John Lennon Airport its 12th European base. The low fares airline is investing \$240m in four new Boeing 737-800 aircraft and will launch nine new European routes from the airport.

A new study ranks St. Louis as the fourth most dangerous city. Camden, New Jersey came in first, followed by Detroit and Atlanta. The rankings are in Morgan Quitno #39;s  quot;City Crime Rankings, quot; an annual reference

Troubled German retailer KarstadtQuelle AG said Monday it is selling its 82 percent stake in a three-year-old joint venture with coffeehouse chain Starbucks Coffee International to the US company.

Campbell Soup Co. (CPB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday posted a better-than-expected 9 percent rise in profit, sending shares to a near three-year high, as heavy promotions and product improvements spurred soup sales.

Reuters - Stelco Inc.\(STEa.TO) has lost a contract to supply steel to General Motors\Inc. , its biggest customer, because the insolvent\Canadian steelmaker failed to strike a deal with its workers,\the union at Stelco said on Monday.

Reuters - Stelco Inc. (STEa.TO) has lost a\contract to supply steel to its biggest customer General Motors\Corp. , the company said on Monday, after the insolvent\Canadian steelmaker failed to strike a deal with its workers.

Three banks go to the High Court in London seeking a ruling which could lead to Bernie Ecclestone losing control of Formula One racing.

Reuters - Nike Inc.  boosted its\quarterly dividend by 25 percent on Monday, citing strong cash\flow and growth prospects as the world's biggest athletic shoe\company has racked up record revenue and soaring profits the\past few years.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday as a higher  price target for shares of Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AAPL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;  prompted enthusiasm for technology stocks and a rally in crude  oil stalled.

TiVo Inc.(TIVO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , maker of digital television recorders, on Monday said its quarterly net loss widened as it boosted spending to acquire customers, but subscribers to its fee-based TV service rose

Survey by Intelligent Decisions indicates that patch management leaves less time for chief information security officers to work on improving overall security.

EUROPES biggest defence contractors will have the chance to bid for a \$23 billion (12 billion) air refuelling contract for the US Air Force that has been withdrawn from Boeing.

Xstrata yesterday took its \$5.8 billion (3.1 billion) cash bid for Australian miner WMC hostile, laying the ground for another major takeover clash between the old guard and the new of the mining world.

ST. LOUIS Pulitzer Incorporated shares spike more than 17 percent on news that the publisher of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and two Arizona newspapers is considering a possible sale.

Donald Trump #39;s flagship casino business yesterday filed for bankruptcy as part of a financial restructuring aimed at easing \$1.8bn (1m) debt.

OAK BROOK, Ill. Cancer has forced Charlie Bell to step down as CEO of the restaurant chain to which he #39;s devoted most of his working career.

It is as much a rite of the New York holiday season as sidewalk Santas or crowded Fifth Avenue sidewalks: the proliferation of hawkers selling counterfeit products like the fake Fendi handbag, the replica Rolex watch and the pirated DVD.

Mining giant BHP Billiton has completed a bigger-than-expected A\$2.27 billion (950 million pound) share buyback, driving up its stock price as investors reinvest profits from the tax-efficient deal.

The war of words between Mylan Laboratories Inc. and the company #39;s largest shareholder over Mylan #39;s \$4 billion deal to acquire King Pharmaceuticals Inc.

The insurance company has agreed to pay about \$80 million to settle investigations into insurance sales that were used by companies to manipulate their earnings.

Traditionally, the Wednesday before Thanksgiving is the busiest travel day of the year, and the American Automobile Association expected travel this year to hit pre-Sept.

Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday that a far-reaching revision of its faulty financials will not require accounting changes for sales of certain fiber optic equipment.

The World Trade Organization held off Wednesday on approving stiff sanctions on US exports - ranging from cod to mobile homes - intended to punish Washington until it repeals the so-called Byrd amendment.

Microsoft (Quote, Chart) and representatives of the European Union #39;s Competition Commission will sit down at the table together on Thursday, but it won #39;t be to eat.

Travelers faced weather delays across the US as they took to the highways and airways today to begin what industry experts say will be the biggest Thanksgiving travel weekend since 2000.

The judge considering Microsoft Corp. #39;s appeal against European Union sanctions has called a closed meeting for Thursday to decide what action to take after two more major

MyTravel Plc, an unprofitable UK tour operator, got the go-ahead from a London court to meet creditors for approval of a refinancing plan after it submitted a revised version.

A crucial legal ruling in Oracle's takeover bid for Peoplesoft is delayed after a judge says he needs to hear more evidence.

The Securities and Exchange Commission and Time Warner Inc. are nearing agreement on a deal in which the media giant would pay about \$750 million to settle wide-ranging allegations

Luton Airport was bought by the Spanish yesterday as part of a 551m takeover deal which will net the men who run it almost 60m.

Luton, Cardiff and Belfast International airports are to fall into the hands of a Spanish toll motorways operator through a 551m takeover of the aviation group TBI by a Barcelona-based Abertis Infrastructure.

The judge who presided over the Securities and Exchange Commission #39;s fraud suit against MCI, the long-distance telephone company, threatened to punish the company yesterday for ignoring his

The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission lost about \$2 million in revenue Wednesday as thousands of holiday travelers zipped through the toll booths for free.

Millions of holiday travelers nationwide are experiencing an all-too-intimate form of security screening that some say amounts to sexual groping - a  quot;pat-down quot; by government officials.

The dollar hits yet another record low against the euro, causing concerns about the German and wider eurozone economies.

The UK's largest supermarket - Tesco - says strong petrol sales aided a rise in third quarter sales across all parts of its business.

AFP - Tesco, Britain's biggest supermarket chain, said that group sales grew by 12.2 percent in the third quarter, driven by strong performances from its stores at home and abroad.

Bunnatine Greenhouse, chief contracting officer of the Army Corps of Engineers, is seen in her official undated government photo. FBI agents recently spent a day interviewing Greenhouse, the Army contracting

After writing about hundreds of individual and class-action lawsuits that have been filed on behalf of consumers who developed cancer, suffered heart attacks or other medical problems from hormone replacement therapy drugs and Vioxx, an FDA employee now

A federal court Wednesday barred No. 2 US long-distance carrier MCI Inc. from making further payments to cover more than \$25 million in unauthorized expenses related to bankruptcy of predecessor WorldCom.

NEW YORK A federal judge in Manhattan says MCI may have violated a court order by paying more than 25 (m) million dollars in professional services fees as part of its bankruptcy proceedings in excess of caps on such fees.

25/11/2004 - The first in a completely new class of drug for multiple sclerosis has been approved in the US, opening up a new avenue of treatment for sufferers of the debilitating diseases and potential blockbuster revenues for developers Elan and Biogen

The World Trade Organization has ruled against European Union claims that the Korean government provided illegal subsidies to its shipbuilding industry, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade said today.

The head of the Senate Finance Committee called on the US Department of Health and Human Services to launch a probe of allegations that the US Food and Drug Administration went out of its way to discredit a whistleblower.

Russian oil company Yukos, with shares near all-time lows and its bosses in exile, warned last night it is being driven toward bankruptcy.

Jim McLeod has a great day job, but a seasonal sideline is his  #39; #39;tree #39; #39; calling. Throughout the year, he #39;s president and owner of a software company called InfoCode Corp.

Shareholders in Yukos are considering liquidation or filing for bankruptcy, after deciding against a rescue plan for the embattled Russian oil firm.

The Wall Street Journal reports that the carrier #39;s largest creditor has agreed to an aircraft leasing and financing deal that would give US Airways a financial lifeline.

AP - Normally at this time of the year, labor contractor Jose Luis Avalos would be assembling a crew of workers who could each earn  #36;1,500 to  #36;2,000 a week in the area's abundant citrus groves.

BRITISH Telecom today announced the sale of its stake in one of the worlds largest satellite companies for 363 million. The telecoms giant said it was offloading its 15.8 per cent holding in Paris-based

ST. PAUL - Salvation Army officials say they #39;re worried that they may not meet their holiday fund-raising goal because they won #39;t have bell-ringers outside of Target stores.

The European Union, Japan and others will be able to impose heavy sanctions against US firms dumping goods from early next year.

Mumbai, Nov. 26: Mukesh Ambani apparently commands the full support of the board on all recent decisions, including the controversial one that elevated him to the final authority in the group.

checking for them by hand before buying -- because children could choke on them, consumer advocates said in an annual warning on toy safety.

The falling dollar reached new depths against the euro today as the dollar's status as the premier international reserve currency is growing more precarious.

Business India: Mumbai, Nov 26 : The much talked about family feud over the control of Reliance Industries, India #39;s largest industrial house, is set to turn into a full-fledged boardroom battle that may entail a revamp of the company #39;s management.

The World Trade Organization authorized about \$150 million in trade sanctions on the U.S. in retaliation for an import duties law that has been ruled illegal.

Land Rover will launch a sports tourer next year in a what is likely to be a test of British carmakers #39; ability to compete in the US.

By Bloomberg News. WR Grace  amp; Company, a producer of chemicals and building material that filed for bankruptcy protection in 2001 amid thousands of asbestos-related claims, said yesterday

Stocks finished mixed in post-holiday trading Friday as Wall Street meandered through a shortened session. The major indexes ended the week higher as investors looked forward to the results of the first weekend of holiday shopping and a key jobs report next week.

Angry over unfair subsidies paid to US companies from tariffs collected on goods imported here, the WTO has widened the gap with Congress by imposing sanctions of their own.

US steelmakers #39; shares rose sharply yesterday, with US Steel, Allegheny Technologies and Nucor (which operates a mill in Seattle) reaching their highest prices in at least seven years, after Nissan said the metal is in short supply in Japan.

Steel shares hit seven-year highs yesterday after Nissan said the metal is in short supply in Japan. US Steel rose \$3.30, or 7, to \$51.25, while Nucor surged \$2.90 to \$54.05, an all-time high.

The Russian oil giant Yukos said yesterday that management was putting together an emergency plan to continue running the company for a few months, even after the auction of its prize asset in December.

Hurricane forecasters debate the usefulness of the  quot;skinny line quot; in tracking maps, and look at more accurate alternatives.

Little Rock-based Alltel will expand its wireless phone service in Connecticut, Kentucky, Mississippi, Oklahoma and Texas in a \$170 million deal with Cingular Wireless.

Some taxpayers have been dusting off an old Internal Revenue Service ruling about signing bonuses in baseball contracts and using it to justify skipping payroll taxes and income-tax withholding on signing bonuses generally.

BRUSSELS (AFP) - Eurozone figures due out this week will confirm that confidence is slumping due to high oil prices and the rise of the euro, and that inflation is easing, economists said.

I change the mutual funds in my 401(k) plan about as often as the Red Sox win the World Series.

30-year fixed home loans remain appealing, but variable rates have been on the move up. By Sandra Block. If you #39;re hoping an adjustable-rate mortgage will help you afford your dream house, you may want to rethink those granite countertops.

AURORA, Ore. The National Christmas Tree Association is hoping a push of designer trees will renew consumer demand for live trees.

AP - Weaker-than-expected holiday shopping forced Wal-Mart Stores Inc. on Saturday to cut its projected sales increase for November by more than half, an ominous announcement for retailers as their busiest time of year begins.

Reuters - Holiday shopping got off to a flying\start in the United States this weekend.

GORDON BROWN faces a new warning today that he will have to raise taxes by 7 billion or cut swaths of government spending if Labour wins next years general election.

Holiday shoppers spent 10 percent more Friday than they did a year ago, according to early reports, but Wal-Mart Stores Inc. dampened hopes for a strong start to the key retail season by

By rushing more than 700 products under the American Chopper brand as part of a new in-house licensing program, the cable channel is relying more heavily on licensing to market shows.

Wal-Mart, the world #39;s largest retailer, has lowered its November growth forecast amid concerns that fuel costs may slow down Christmas retail sales.

Iraq is planning to spend more than \$1 billion in 2005 to boost its oil production capacity by about 15 percent to 3.25 million barrels a day, an Iraqi official said.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid 3 percent on Monday on  expectations that more mild U.S. weather at the start of the  New Year will limit heating oil demand.

Denmark #39;s leading telecoms operator TDC says it will launch a low-budget mobile telephone operator dubbed  quot;easyMobile quot; with mobile network operator T-Mobile in Britain in March 2005.

Renee McDonald remembers the Christmas trees of her youth: spindly, fake and out of a box. They were hard to put up, and they just didn #39;t smell right.

com November 29, 2004, 8:33 AM PT. Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign as the top IT priority among IT managers due to widespread IP telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.

Halsey Minor, CEO of hosted integration provider grand central Communications, has a powerful message for IT: In four years, ... basically the whole notion of enterprise application software is going to be dead. He believes application functionality will instead be available as hosted, pay-per-use services delivered by companies such as Salesforce.com. Putting his money where his mouth is, Minor has recently launched a \$50 million venture capital fund with his own money to fuel on-demand startups. For its part, Grand Central will handle data and process integration between enterprises and multiple on-demand services.

Telekom Austria, Austrias largest telecoms operator, obtained access to the relatively underdeveloped East European mobile services market by winning the right to purchase the Bulgarian mobile operator MobilTel for 1.6billion (\$2.12billion).

The Philippine economy continued to grow robustly in the third quarter despite rising consumer prices, with the gross domestic product expanding by 6.3 per cent from a year ago

PNC Financial Services says the luxury cars and vintage watch would cost you just as much as all the gifts listed in the Christmas carol  quot;The Twelve Days of Christmas.

Merck  amp; Co., seeking to keep managers from leaving after the withdrawal of its Vioxx painkiller, adopted a plan to give severance payments to more than 200 executives should control of the company change.

President Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born CEO of Kellogg Co (KN: Quote, Profile, Research) , as his nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection of a Hispanic for a second-term Cabinet.

Reuters - IBM , Sony Corp. (6758.T) and\Toshiba Corp. (6502.T) on Monday revealed their plans for the\powerful new "Cell" processor the three are jointly producing\to run next-generation computers, game consoles and\televisions.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Monday chose  Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born CEO of Kellogg Co, as his  nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection of a  Hispanic for a second-term Cabinet.

Korea and Singapore sealed a free-trade agreement yesterday that covers nine broad areas, including electronics, finance and intellectual property rights.

Deutsche Bank AG #39;s C\$900 million (\$759 million) proposal to provide financing to Stelco Inc. was approved by an Ontario judge over the objections of rival bidders and Stelco #39;s unions.

Hawaiian Airlines is putting up impressive numbers, including some that really matter to travelers.

Gold Fields Ltd. won an appeal on Friday in its battle to stave off a hostile \$7.1 billion takeover by Harmony Gold Mining Co. that would create the world #39;s largest gold mining company.

Japan's industrial production falls in October while unemployment rises, providing more evidence of a slowdown in the world's second largest economy.

Nurse Teresa Mazeika has known the woman knitting in the blue reclining chair for months. But she asks Carolyn Harlow her name and birthday anyway, as she approaches with chemotherapy for Harlow's blood cancer. Mazeika, a 17-year nursing veteran at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, isn't taking any chances that she is about to give the drug to the wrong patient.

The newly-created oil unit of Russian gas monopoly OAO Gazprom, Gazpromneft, will take part in the auction of the embattled Yukos oil company #39;s largest unit, Yuganskneftegaz, Dow Jones NewsWires reported Tuesday, citing the news agency Prime-Tass.

Citigroup #39;s top executive in Japan endured unprecedented questioning by lawmakers on Tuesday over a scandal at the firm #39;s private bank in the country, the latest turn in a high-profile case that has embarrassed the world #39;s biggest

At the airport, you hear all of the usual explanations: bad weather, mechanical difficulties, no crew available. But now there #39;s another excuse you might hear as times get tougher for cash

UK house prices unexpectedly rose in November at the fastest pace since July, reinforcing expectations real estate values will level out, avoiding a collapse from records, according to Nationwide Building Society.

Reuters - Wall Street was set for a flat start on\Tuesday as investors braced themselves for a slew of data, with\a steadier dollar helping to offset the impact of firmer crude\oil prices.

AFP - Recovery in the eurozone is battling higher oil prices and a rising euro as monetary union has so far failed to spur sustained economic dynamism in the 12 nations using the single European currency, the OECD revealed.

Mumbai: The board of Indian power utility Reliance Energy Ltd. told the Bombay exchange on Tuesday it had asked its six directors who resigned last week to reconsider their resignations.

US economic growth will slow to 3.3 per cent in 2005, more than a full percentage point below this year, with the effect of high energy prices dragging on the economy for the next few quarters, the OECD said on Tuesday.

Clayton, Dubilier  amp; Rice Inc. is leading a 2.6 billion-euro (\$3.45 billion) buyout of an electrical- equipment supplier from France #39;s Pinault-Printemps-Redoute SA, the New York-based firm #39;s third European acquisition this year.

US meat processor Smithfield Foods has reported higher second-quarter earnings, as higher hog prices offset lower pork margins and a loss in its beef operations.

The damage to exports caused by a stronger euro has been played down by a member of the European Central Bank #39;s governing council in remarks highlighting the bank #39;s limited concern about the currency #39;s rise.

Shares of Oragenics Inc. jumped after the biotechnology company reported Tuesday that the Food and Drug Administration allowed it to proceed with safety trials on a lifelong tooth decay protection rinse that

Oil prices fell on Tuesday as an expected increase in US heating fuel supplies eased concerns over an inventory crunch should this winter #39;s weather prove colder than normal.

In what would be the largest European leveraged buyout of the year, Clayton Dubilier  amp; Rice has teamed with Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.

NEW YORK: The NASD yesterday said it censured and fined 29 securities firms a total of \$US9.22 (\$NZ13.04) million for failing to properly disclose required information about their brokers more than 8300 times.

Really. We mean it. Finally, a legit way to peek into your personal financial file.

LONDON, November 30 (newratings.com) - Pinault-Printemps Redoute SA (PPX.FSE) plans to sell its controlling stake in the electrical parts distributor, Rexel (RXL), to a group of private firms for 1.92 billion (\$2.55 billion).

At least 100 Delta Air Lines (nyse: DAL - news - people ) pilots are expected to retire effective Wednesday. That #39;s the starting date for the 32.5 pay cut agreed upon under Chief Executive Gerald Grinstein #39;s master plan.

In Putins Russia Gazprom is by no means a mere natural monopoly, nor a newly established ministry for oil and gas. Gazprom is an instrument of public administration just like the pro-Kremlin United Russia

Securities regulators gave more than 2,000 public companies a brief reprieve from new rules requiring them to assess the strength of their financial safeguards.

Consumers and businesses boosted their spending a bit more quickly in late summer than previously thought, fueling faster overall economic growth, the government reported Tuesday.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. regulators warned Cyberonics Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CYBX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CYBX.O&lt;/A&gt; of manufacturing deficiencies at the Houston plant  that makes its sole product, an implantable device to treat  epilepsy, the company said on Monday.

The Bush administration yesterday said Chinese and Vietnamese shrimp are sold at unfairly low prices in the United States, siding with US fishermen as they try to fend off overseas competition.

Reuters - Oil prices edged below  #36;49 a barrel\on Wednesday as traders looked ahead to an expected build in\weekly U.S. inventory data that would help bolster the thin\supply cushion ahead of peak northern winter demand.

PARIS (Reuters) - European shares nosed up on Wednesday as  Ericsson gained on news it had won part of \$4-billion Cingular  deal and with Glaxo buoyed after Pfizer affirmed its outlook.

BRUSSELS, Belgium -- The European Union #39;s executive commission said Wednesday it would open legal proceedings against Greece for its sloppy bookkeeping and underreporting its budget deficit by billions of euros between 1997 and 2003.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch on Wednesday: IBM  CORP. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt;: The computer maker said it sealed deals worth  more than \$1 billion in new work with two European companies  from which the information technology company just acquired two  Danish services providers.

Bob Briggs wifes family has owned about 1,000 acres of redwood forest off Waddell Creek since 1913. He doesnt clearcut, and logs about once a decade.

DECEMBER 01, 2004 (REUTERS) - Cingular Wireless LLC, the largest US wireless telephone company, said yesterday that it would upgrade its network next year to handle high-speed data transmissions.

Consumers spent briskly in October and the nation #39;s manufacturers saw robust activity in November, encouraging signs that the last quarter of this year is shaping up nicely.

Foreign shrimp producers have denied they are selling shrimp at artificially low prices as a way to win a larger share of the US market.

DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  reported its sixth straight month of weaker vehicle sales,  prompting the second-largest U.S. automaker to further cut  production of cars and trucks, while Chrysler posted another  sales gain.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday as crude  oil futures fell more than \$2 a barrel on a big jump in U.S.  petroleum supply, easing worries about the impact of energy  costs on corporate profits and economic growth.

Shares of Nektar Therapeutics remained active Wednesday following upgrades from two investment firms after drug giant Pfizer Inc. cited its inhalable insulin product in a recent pipeline report.

Cingular Wireless, the nation #39;s largest wireless carrier following the company #39;s merger with AT amp;T Wireless, said Wednesday that it has completed integration activities ahead of schedule and now expects merger-related cost savings to exceed prior estimates

Sterling rose to its highest level against the dollar since Black Wednesday, the day in September 1992 when the pound was forced out of the Exchange Rate Mechanism, the forerunner of the euro.

The nation #39;s two largest automakers on Wednesday reported weak November sales, but both expressed confidence that new products would help them pick up momentum.

Just as the AT amp;T buy helped Cingular move ahead of Verizon Wireless to the top of the industry in terms of size, the new network would likely give it an overall faster network, a distinction most say Verizon can now boast.

Reuters - Struggling clothing retailer Wet\Seal Inc.  on Wednesday posted a wider quarterly loss\as lackluster demand for its teen-oriented fashions forced the\company to make bigger markdowns.

Intel is preparing a marketing strategy that will brand desktop PCs with a similar label that made its Centrino notebook technology a household name, according to sources familiar with the company's plans.

Australian Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday that Telstra Corp. #39;s board would choose its next chief executive, not the federal government, which has a majority stake in the telecommunications giant.

NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani is making a foray into investment banking. Free! Sign up here to receive our Weekly Roundup e-Newsletter!

Reed Elsevier on Thursday reiterated that it remained on track to deliver mid to high single-digit earnings-per-share growth this year despite concerns over its science publishing unit.

The European Central Bank surprised financial markets on Thursday by revealing it had considered raising interest rates even as the euro zone economy slows, saying it is worried about inflationary risks.

A US government advisory panel is to recommend a revision to the minimum level of crude inventories required to ensure adequate supplies of crude oil to the nation #39;s refiners to produce gasoline

SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; is in  merger talks with other technology companies as it awaits the  outcome of its \$9.2 billion hostile takeover bid for rival  software maker PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albertsons Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ABS.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2  U.S. grocer, on Thursday posted higher quarterly profit, but  warned that full-year earnings could hit the low end of its  estimates due to competition and skittish consumers, sending  shares down 6 percent.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on  Thursday, pausing after Wednesday's sharp rally, as investors  were reluctant to wade into the market before Intel's  mid-quarter update after the close and Friday's jobs report.

ABB said it was aware of the ruling, but remained confident that a settlement would be reached. ABB is naturally surprised and disappointed at todays decision, but remains confident that it can resolve.

Canada #39;s Barrick Gold Corp. said Thursday it was acquiring a 9 percent stake in London-based Celtic Resources Holding Ltd. - a deal that potentially gives the Canadian gold giant major clout ahead of next year #39;s auction of Russia #39;s biggest gold deposit.

The US will offer an olive branch to Peter Mandelson, the European Union #39;s new trade commissioner, next week by delaying any escalation of the dispute over subsidies to Airbus and Boeing, a US trade official said on Thursday.

NTL, the UKs largest cable company, has agreed to sell its radio and television broadcasting business for 1.27bn to a fund managed by Australias Macquarie Bank.

Britain #39;s biggest cable company, NTL, agreed yesterday to sell its radio and television broadcasting business for 1.27bn to a consortium led by a fund managed by Australia #39;s Macquarie Bank.

SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Battered oil prices struggled on  Friday to shake off this week's \$6 slump, edging up from a  12-week low after a massive round of selling triggered by  easing worries about winter supply.

The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday filed civil fraud charges against three former Kmart Corp. executives and five employees of companies that supplied the Troy, Mich., retail chain, accusing them of scheming to inflate Kmart's profit by \$24 million in 2001.

Tokyo - Japan #39;s Nissan Motor said on Thursday that the company may have to suspend some production next March in addition to already announced suspensions, due to parts shortages, resulting in a decline of about 6 billion (R339.8 million) in annual sales

The sharp fall in the dollar on the foreign exchange markets - and the consequent rise in the value of the euro - may seem like problems that are of little direct concern to the UK, which never signed up to the euro in the first place.

LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar held firm above this week's  record low against the euro on Friday, with dealers reluctant  to take positions ahead of key U.S. jobs figures.

A year after injecting \$45bn into two state banks to ready them for flotation, China is preparing a fresh bailout for two more institutions.

Shares in Swiss engineering giant ABB plummet 13 after a US court rejects its bid to limit a multi-billion dollar asbestos claim

Brussles - EU trade chief Peter Mandelson wants clarification of the US stance in threatened WTO action over aid to Airbus, his spokeswoman said Friday after a US official indicated Washington was delaying such action.

An era will come to an end when IBM sells off its computer manufacturing business, according to The New York Times. A Chinese company seems the likely buyer and the deal should fetch upward of \$2 billion.

The United States and the European Union called a temporary timeout yesterday in their dispute over government support for aviation rivals Boeing and Airbus.

HELSINKI: Nokia said the respected head of its networks unit had resigned and another top networks official left in the second major departure of top management in two weeks at the world #39;s largest mobile phone maker.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's biggest retailer, on Monday brightened its outlook for  December sales at U.S. stores open at least a year, seeing  sales up 3 percent bolstered by post-Christmas spending.

TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japanese stock indexes rose by midmorning Friday as Intel #39;s higher-than-expected sales forecast listed the Japanese tech sector.

This is getting old. Every time Hidden Gems selection Select Comfort (Nasdaq: SCSS) gets settled in and ready for a long night #39;s rest full of dreams of two-times-in-three-years capital gains, along

The U.S. dollar fell to another new low against the euro Friday, pushing the European currency higher than \$1.34 after U.S. employment data came in weaker than expected.

European Aeronautic Defense and Space Co., the parent of aircraft maker Airbus SAS, has proposed splitting a contested U.S. Air Force contract for refueling tankers with its rival Boeing Co., the European group's U.S. office said Friday.

NEW YORK (Dow Jones/AP) -- Apple Computer Inc. shares fell Friday after Needham  amp; Co. downgraded the stock to hold #39; #39; from buy.

IBM is reportedly in talks to sell its personal computer business. It would mark the end of an era for the company that brought the computer into the mainstream when it began selling its desktop PC to corporations and consumers in 1981.

Halifax yesterday became the the first major lender to predict widespread falls in house prices across Britain next year. Reporting that house prices fell again last month, Britain #39;s biggest mortgage lender

IBM #39;s possible exit from the personal-computer business would be the latest move in what amounts to a long goodbye from a field it pioneered and revolutionized.

Nationwide protests are set to take place in Germany as cuts in unemployment benefit take effect.

Stocks edged higher Friday as another drop in oil prices helped Wall Street withstand the effects of a disappointing jobs creation report.

CHINA #39;S largest manufacturer of personal computers Lenovo Group has confirmed it is in acquisition negotiations with a major information technology company, widely believed to be IBM.

French regulators fined Vivendi Universal SA and its former boss Jean-Marie Messier nearly \$1.4 million each on Tuesday for deceiving investors with a litany of inaccurate financial communications issued over a two-year period.

Toothpaste maker Colgate-Palmolive said today it is cutting 4,400 jobs and closing a third of its 78 factories around the world. The group, which makes products such as Colgate

MUNICH - German insurance concern Allianz said on Tuesday it would fight a US jury decision in New York which doubled the amount of insurance which the leaseholder of the destroyed World Trade Center towers could collect from nine insurance firms.

Pixar Animation Studios will delay the release of its next film,  quot;Cars, quot; until June 2006 as it switches from a holiday release schedule to releasing films during the summer when more children are at home.

Crude oil fell to the lowest in more than four months on speculation that warm weather and increased refinery production bolstered US heating-oil stockpiles last week.

Coca-Cola has decided not to sell its C2 brand in the UK, one of the company #39;s biggest markets, raising doubts about the future of the mid- calorie soft drink just six months after its launch in North America and Japan.

A bipartisan commission that includes energy industry executives, environmentalists and academics will issue a report Wednesday that calls on the nation to adopt mandatory limits on greenhouse gas emissions linked to global warming, set stricter fuel economy standards and promote nuclear power, renewable energy and oil exploration.

New figures show Japan's economy is barely staying out of recession with annual growth of just 0.2 in the third quarter.

China's biggest computer maker, Lenovo Group, said today it has acquired a majority stake in International Business Machines Corp.'s personal computer business for \$1.25 billion, one of the biggest Chinese overseas acquisitions ever.

FRESNO, Calif. -- Automobile manufacturers sued on Tuesday to block the world #39;s toughest vehicle emissions standards, adopted by California regulators in September to cut greenhouse gases.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States must  diversify  its global oil supplies, expand a world network of strategic  petroleum reserves and raise fuel efficiency standards to  ensure its energy security, a panel of experts will recommend  on Wednesday.

IBM Corp. is selling its personal computer business to China #39;s largest PC maker in a \$1.25 billion deal that marks the end of an era for the company that made  quot;PC quot; a household word.

A customer asked vintner Leon Santoro this week if he could ship a case of wine to the customer #39;s home in New York. Not legally, replied Santoro, general manager of Orfila Vineyards  amp; Winery in Escondido.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Applications for U.S. home mortgages  rose last week, as mortgage rates fell, an industry group said  on Wednesday.

SIR Richard Branson did not disappoint with his stunts yesterday, flying into Sydney to promote his international airline Virgin Atlantic.

LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices sank to a four-month low  below \$41 for U.S. crude on Wednesday after leading OPEC  producer Saudi Arabia questioned the need for the cartel to  curb supplies.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Too many house-rich Americans are  borrowing money against their homes to play the stock market,  brokerages regulator NASD warned on Wednesday.

Canadian mining firm Farallon Resources Ltd. on Wednesday said it agreed to privately sell about \$20 million Canadian (\$16.3 million) worth of stock to accredited investors and company insiders.

Once a seemingly indestructible hiding hole for the frightened investor, some on Wall Street are beginning to question the super-safe status of US Treasury debt.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Newspaper publisher Gannett Co Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GCI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GCI.N&lt;/A&gt; will need to see advertising demand pick up for its  fourth-quarter earnings to meet the consensus target of Wall  Street analysts, its chief financial officer said on Wednesday.

Sir Richard said yesterday Melbourne was on his wish list, with flights to London possibly through Hong Kong or Bangkok. The British billionaire landed in Sydney yesterday aboard Virgin Atlantic #39;s inaugural Australian flight.

DreamWorks announced today that it has decided to move its release of Shrek 3 from November 2006 to May, 2007.  quot;We believe there are more than a half a dozen strong release windows available annually for our

SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio declined as much as 22 percent Wednesday following two analyst downgrades.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alamosa Holdings Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=APCS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;APCS.O&lt;/A&gt; will  acquire AirGate PCS Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PCSA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PCSA.O&lt;/A&gt; for \$392 million in stock  creating the largest Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; wireless affiliate,  the companies said on Wednesday.

THE stock market opened higher today as industrials stocks mitigated the effects of a weaker resources sector.  quot;Commodity prices are generally weaker on renewed speculation of weaker demand in China, quot; Wilson HTM senior client adviser Angus Bligh said.

Nortel Networks said today that it will begin releasing restated and delayed financial results dating back to 2001 next week after a nine-month delay.

ALARM has spread through the Russian investment community as authorities slapped a tax bill of almost \$US160 million (\$210 million) on the number two mobile operator, in what is widely seen as a government-linked campaign against the firm.

The US Supreme Court heard arguments Tuesday in a case that could have a major impact on California #39;s wine industry. At issue is whether states can bar people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers.

The US Supreme Court limited the scope of federal trademark protection, saying rival companies in some cases can use proprietary terms even when customers might be confused.

The dollar rebounded for a second session on Thursday as traders and investors took profits on bets against the US currency before the year draws to a close.

This time last week, first lady Laura Bush was having what she might call her Christmas Tree Day. First, she showed off the decorated executive mansion to reporters and then joined her husband

SAN FRANCISCO -- Oracle CEO Larry Ellison is convinced that had the intelligence community used a unified database from Oracle, the terrorist attacks on 9/11 would never have happened.

Target stores have a simple message for eager shoppers this holiday season:  quot;Get giving #39; roughly translated, buy stuff. The national retail chain also has a simple

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans filing  initial claims for jobless pay grew unexpectedly last week to  357,000, Labor Department data showed on Thursday, but an  official said an increase in the week after a public holiday  was typical.

NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Toll Brothers reported fiscal fourth-quarter earnings that nearly doubled over year-earlier results as demand continued to outstrip supply in the homebuilder #39;s affluent markets.

THAT night, it seemed as if three or four parties were going on at once in Cosmo Manille. Wrong, palanggas. Actually, there were five in Makati alone, and one of them had a stream of traffic

Baxter International Inc. on Thursday said it halted a late-stage European trial of a flu vaccine because of higher-than-expected rates of fever and other symptoms.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose on Thursday as  traders, short of dollars after relentlessly selling them for  weeks, looked to the growing yield advantage of U.S. assets as  a reason to buy back the currency before the end of the year.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices extended early  losses on Thursday after private and foreign investors showed  little interest in a sale of reopened debt.

General Motors Europe (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will chop 12,000 jobs over two years -- around a fifth of its workforce -- to lop

America West Holdings Corp., parent of America West Airlines Inc., on Thursday said it does not plan to submit a bid to acquire bankrupt ATA Holdings Corp.

Nextel and Sprint are in talks that could lead to a merger between the two mobile phone operators, sources close to the discussions said on Thursday.

CHICAGO (Reuters) - America West Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWA.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said it would not bid for assets of bankrupt carrier  ATA Airlines, saying the value does not justify the cost.

Analysts said Amazon #39;s launch of the DVD rental service in the UK might be to test its approach and streamline the logistically difficult process of handling DVDs through the mail.

While the recent flurry of record oil prices may be temporary, government analysts said Thursday that \$30-a-barrel oil should be expected for decades to come.

America West Airlines backed away Thursday from a potential bidding war for bankrupt ATA Airlines, paving the way for AirTran to take over ATA operations.

Opel gets by without layoffs. Readers taking in these and similar headlines earlier this week were well advised to read the fine print.

Bird #39;s custard and Angel Delight are back in British hands after a 70m deal announced yesterday. The famous brands have been bought by Premier Foods, owner of Ambrosia custard and Rowntrees jelly, from the US food group Kraft.

Undercut by vastly cheaper labor in neighboring Poland and by increasing global competition, the union at Adam Opel AG acceded to a plan by General Motors Corp. to cut 12,000 jobs throughout Europe.

In another report, import prices excluding petroleum posted the largest increase in 10 months, a possible early warning on inflation from the weaker dollar.

Huge cost overruns. Tunnel leaks. Multimillion-dollar lawsuits. Big trouble for the companies managing Boston's Big Dig? Not really.

Animation in America once meant Mickey Mouse and Winnie the Pooh. These days, it's just as likely to mean Japanese fighting cyborgs, doe-eyed schoolgirls, and sinister monsters -- thanks in large part to people like John Ledford.

Shares of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. jumped yesterday following reports the two telephone companies were discussing a merger.

DECEMBER 10, 2004 -- Southwest Airlines this morning said it will submit a bid to the federal bankruptcy court in Indianapolis today for certain assets of bankrupt ATA Airlines.

Reuters - Ford Motor Co  said on Friday it\was recalling about 474,000 Escape and Mazda Tribute sport\utility vehicles globally because the accelerator cable may\prevent the engine from returning to the idle position, which\could increase stopping distance and result in a crash.

Airbus has been given the go-ahead to develop a new jet designed to compete with The Boeing Co. #39;s new 7E7, according to reports by The Associated Press Friday.

Southwest Airlines has offered more than \$100 million for part of ATA #39;s operations at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport. If successful, it could torpedo AirTran Airway #39;s efforts to create a hub there.

General Electric Co., the biggest company by market value, said it will buy back as much as \$15 billion in stock over three years and raised its quarterly dividend 10 percent, more than some analysts had estimated.

Cardinal Health's deal with Lilly suggests the new fee-for-service model is gaining traction.

Reuters - Diversified manufacturer General\Electric Co.  said on Friday it boosted its quarterly\dividend by 10 percent and earmarked up to  #36;15 billion for\share repurchases over the next three years.

OPEC oil ministers agreed today to cut oil production by one million barrels a day to stem a 24 percent price slide in the past six weeks, and they called for an emergency meeting

DreamWorks and Pixar both make cutting-edge digital animated films. But behind the scenes, the two studios are about as different as Shrek and Mr.

FORT WORTH, Texas -- The high cost of jet fuel is prompting American Airlines to raise its domestic ticket prices. It is going to charge an extra \$5 for one-way flights, and \$10 per roundtrip.

General Electric Co., a maker of jet engines, plastics and appliances as well as owner of the NBC television network, said Friday that its board raised the company #39;s quarterly dividend by 10 percent to 22 cents per share, and authorized the repurchase of

Investors sold off shares of auto parts makers Friday after Delphi Corp. issued a profit warning and said it would cut nearly 5 percent of its work force next year.

Shares of video game makers rose sharply Friday after analysts reported industry sales increased 11 percent last month due mainly to the strength of two blockbuster titles that have proven to be the holiday season #39;s biggest sellers.

A Wall Street Journal report Friday afternoon citing sources on both sides indicated No. 3 Sprint Corp. and No. 5 Nextel Communications Inc.

Southwest Airlines said on Friday it will bid at least USD\$100 million for assets of bankrupt ATA Airlines, including taking over six of ATA #39;s 14 gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport and selling tickets on some of each other #39;s flights.

Greed and sexual desire drove Martin Frankel to mastermind one of the largest insurance frauds in US history, a federal judge heard on Friday as she sentenced him to nearly 17 years in prison.

Washington area biotech companies will face pivotal moments this year, finding out whether key products work before money dries up, fending off competition from bigger companies,  and, perhaps filing to go public.

which owns fund manager Henderson, - yesterday escaped a ball and chain that has dragged at it ever since it came to the stock market a year ago.

SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Personal computer stocks were relatively quiet Friday as the sector focused more attention on China where Hewlett-Packard introduced a new, low-priced PC.

Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  said on\Saturday it still expects a 1 percent to 3 percent increase in\December sales at its U.S. stores open at least a year.

Mumbai: Singapore Technologies Telemedia and TM International have announced that their consortium has signed definitive agreements for the acquisition of 47.7 per cent stake in Idea Cellular.

HANOI : Yesterday Vietnam, today Asia, tomorrow the United States: Vietnam Airlines has expanded to the point where it is even eyeing the huge American market, a move which would have been unthinkable not long ago.

Singapore government-owned STT and TM International, the international investment arm of Telekom Malaysia, said in a statement on Saturday they had signed  quot;definitive agreements quot; to buy the entire stake of Cingular Wireless in Idea.

SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Babcock  amp; Brown Ltd. (BNB.AU) said Monday it plans to raise as much as A\$1 billion for an externally managed investment company to target long-term investments.

Next week, the FCC will likely change the rules on unbundled networks largely in ways favorable to the Regional bells.

Inside I.B.M., the issue of whether to stay in the personal computer business has been debated for a decade. The issue was put to rest last week.

The possibility of a further slide in the dollar and a decline in demand for US assets has become one of the potential risks to financial stability, the Bank of England said in its semi-annual Financial Stability Review.

Sen. Charles Schumer yesterday criticized retail grinches who are stealing Christmas by blacklisting customers who return too many gifts.

A report released on Monday by the Washington-based Brookings Institution says that half of the residential, commercial and industrial buildings that will be up in 2030 in the largest metropolitan areas don #39;t yet exist.

The London Stock Exchange PLC has received and rejected a bid proposal from Germany #39;s main stock exchange, Deutsche Boerse AG , the exchanges said Monday.

President Bush #39;s White House conference on the economy is sure to attract some of the nation #39;s political and economic superstars to Washington this week.

JAKARTA (Antara): President Susilo Yudhoyono asked Indonesian diplomats on Monday to help the government improve Indonesia #39;s bad image.

MILAN (AFP) - Sharp differences between the Fiat Group and General Motors over an option by Fiat to sell its loss-making auto operations to GM will be the focus of a meeting between the two companies in Zurich on Tuesday.

LONDON (CBS.MW) - Failed efforts to merge stock exchanges have littered the trading landscape in recent years, but the German stock exchange isn #39;t giving up on creating a pan-European and British market for trading stocks and derivatives.

MONTREAL (CP) - Paul Tellier has disembarked as president and chief executive officer of Bombardier Inc. The bombshell announcement Monday morning came as the Montreal-headquartered multinational transportation

General Motors and DaimlerChrysler say they #39;re teaming up to develop hybrid technology for use in their vehicles. The two giant automakers say they have signed a memorandum of understanding.

Oracle Corp. reported second-quarter 2005 earnings that beat analyst expectations on Monday, thanks to new software revenue and continued gains from license updates and product support.

After 18 months of conflict, a friendly merger deal has been struck between Oracle Corp. and PeopleSoft Inc. after the former raised its  quot;final quot; offer by 10 per cent.

Bombardier, the troubled Canadian maker of aircraft and trains, saw its shares fall by around 20 per cent in Toronto, after it announced that Paul Tellier was stepping down early as president and chief executive officer.

WASHINGTON : US retail sales rose 0.1 percent in November, a better than expected start to the crucial holiday shopping season, seasonally adjusted government figures showed.

Workers at Ford Motor Co. #39;s luxury British car unit, Jaguar, voted against a strike over plans to cut jobs and scale back production, unions said on Monday.

The federal government hopes to introduce legislation today to establish a do-not-call registry for consumers who want to stop endless telemarketing pitches.

Oil prices have fallen in recent weeks from record highs, relieving the anxieties of consumers and economists alike. However, OPEC recently signaled that it #39;s not ready for the price of black

Team-up will help the companies compete and fill gaps in both firms' portfolios.

UnitedHealthcare Insurance Co., a branch of UnitedHealth Group, will pay \$3.5 million to settle charges that it defrauded the Medicare program, the US Department of Justice announced Monday.

SOUTHFIELD, MICHIGAN: General Motors Corp and DaimlerChrysler AG will jointly develop a petroleum-electric power system to catch up with Toyota Motor Corp and Honda Motor Co in so-called hybrid vehicles that save fuel and cut tailpipe emissions.

The US and the European Union responded cautiously yesterday to China #39;s surprise undertaking to impose duties on some textile exports, a step it said was designed to ensure a  quot;smooth

Canada #39;s Bombardier family has taken back management control of the troubled transport equipment maker that bears its name following the sudden departure of Paul Tellier, chief executive.

Symantec, which produces the Norton line of computer products, is in talks to acquire Veritas Software, a maker of data backup programs.

PeopleSoft Inc. capitulated to Oracle Corp., accepting a sweetened \$10.3 billion takeover offer to end an 18-month battle that pitted PeopleSoft against its investors and led to the ouster of its chief executive.

What do women want? Luciano Manganella, the owner of the trendy Boston women's boutique JasmineSola, has a pretty good idea. And now after 34 years in business, he's plotting a major expansion.

Paul Tellier stepped down as president and chief executive of Bombardier Inc. yesterday, surprising investors and sending the train and plane maker's shares down as much as 26 percent to a 10-year low.

Qwest Communications may not be immediately affected by a Sprint-Nextel merger, but its options could become more limited. At one time, Qwest and Sprint were viewed as possible merger partners.

Shares in Vodafone Group Plc, the world #39;s largest mobile-phone operator, dropped after The Wall Street Journal said the company is considering bidding with US partner Verizon Communications Inc.

Those planning to look for a job in the Kalamazoo area during the first quarter of 2005 might find the going slow. The pace of hiring among area employers is expected to be slow during the first quarter of

The US trade deficit widened nearly 9 percent in October to a record \$55.5 billion as sky-high oil prices helped propel imports into uncharted territory, the government said on Tuesday.

Merck  amp; Co. plans to cut its workforce by 5,100 jobs by the end of the year--about 700 more than originally planned. Whitehouse Station, NJ-based Merck said in materials filed with the Securities and Exchange

Sprint Corp. #39;s enterprise operation, including its nationwide fiber-optic network, suddenly is looking like a swan and not a lame duck, as Verizon Wireless assesses the possibility of making a bid for Sprint in the boiling cell-phone merger scene.

Reuters - The Federal Reserve raised U.S.\interest rates on Tuesday by a quarter-percentage point for the\fifth time this year and said it will keep gradually lifting\them from rock-bottom levels to forestall inflation.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar's gains were clipped  on  Tuesday as the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the  fifth time this year, as expected, but quashed hopes for more  aggressive rate tightening.

Plus, Intel's still straining, revenge of the nerds, and a \$13 billion Christmas present?

By Andrew Balls in Washington and Jennifer Hughes in New York. The US Federal Reserve on Tuesday raised interest rates by a quarter point to 2.25 per cent and signalled there had been no change in its assessment of economic conditions.

The global airline industry is forecast to have made net losses of \$4.8bn this year, as the rise in the oil price has overwhelmed efforts by carriers to cut costs.

The decline of the US dollar is a signal that policy makers need to do more to ensure the currency #39;s depreciation won #39;t hurt global growth, International Monetary Fund chief economist Raghuram Rajan said.

The Federal Reserve raised short-term interest rates on Tuesday for the fifth time this year and suggested that more rate increases are in order in the months ahead.

quot;There is a very good argument to say that the Italian car plants could benefit from the relocation of other GM businesses in Europe, quot; Marchionne was quoted as saying.

AFP - China can claim some success in the battle to cool its roaring economy in 2004 with a series of macro policies helping prevent another boom-bust cycle, but much remains to be done if Beijing is to avoid increasing wrangles with trade partners.

Fiat and General Motors are to hold more talks to solve their differences over  the future of the Italian firm's loss-making auto group, Fiat says.

Embattled Russian oil giant Yukos has filed for bankruptcy protection in a US court in an attempt to prevent the forced sale of its main production arm.

HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Air China Ltd. #39;s (0753.HK) stock gained 8 on its debut on the Hong Kong stock exchange Wednesday, and analysts said there is scope for slight further

NEW YORK -- Faced with growing competition in the home video market, Blockbuster addressed its No. 1 consumer complaint Tuesday, saying it will end late fees on rented videos and games in January.

Time Warner is to announce today that it will pay between \$500 and \$600 million to settle federal investigations into irregularities at America Online, according to reports in the American press.

Oracle Corp can close the gap with SAP, the world #39;s biggest software company, after buying US rival PeopleSoft, Oracle #39;s Chairman Jeff Henley said in an interview published on Wednesday.

Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. on Wednesday announced plans to merge, creating a more formidable rival to the two largest US mobile operators, and a large wireline communications company supporting

WASHINGTON (CBS) America Online has agreed to pay a \$210 million fine to settle a Justice Department investigation of securities fraud, a department official tells CBS News.

Russian oil giant Yukos Wednesday filed for US bankruptcy protection in attempt to stop the forthcoming auction of its major asset Yuganskeneftegaz, accordingto the Interfax news agency.

President Bush meets with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in the Oval Office of the White House, Wednesday, Dec. 15, 2004, in Washington.

ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - A federal judge on Wednesday  handed online search engine Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; a victory in a  trademark infringement case on Wednesday, ruling that when  users searched for insurer GEICO, Google could display rivals  as well.

MONTREAL - Montie Brewer has been appointed president and CEO of Air Canada, the airline announced Wednesday. Robert Milton remains CEO of Air Canada #39;s parent company, ACE Aviation Holdings.

Gateway Inc. on Wednesday raised fourth-quarter earnings expectations as the personal computer maker freed up cash by selling preferred stock and outsourcing its warranty service plans.

HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Shares of Air China Ltd. (0753.HK), the country #39;s largest airline, opened 6 higher at their debut Wednesday on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange #39;s main board.

Fannie Mae, the biggest source of money for U.S. home mortgages, broke accounting rules for financial contracts designed to protect against swings in interests rates.

The European Central Bank has given hedge funds a generally clean bill of health, saying the possible dangers to financial markets are  quot;much less worrisome quot; than even a few years ago.

A Fort Worth brokerage that sold high-fee mutual funds to military families agreed yesterday to pay \$12 million to settle allegations that it used misleading marketing literature and scripts.

MOSCOW - Embattled Russian oil giant Yukos filed for bankruptcy protection in a US court in a last-ditch bid to avert auction of its core production unit.

NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sprint Corp. said Wednesday  it would buy mobile telephone company Nextel Communications  Inc. for about \$36 billion, creating a U.S. wireless carrier  with nearly 40 million subscribers.

AFP - A Japanese government-backed organization will ask financial institutions to provide troubled retailer Daiei with 600 billion yen (5.7 billion dollars) in financial assistance.

Time Warner Inc. on Wednesday settled criminal securities fraud charges the government leveled on its America Online unit, agreeing to pay \$210 million to end the Justice Department #39;s probe.

UK fire equipment manufacturer Kidde agrees a 1.4bn takeover by US manufacturer United Technologies.

The state insurance commissioner yesterday held auto insurance premiums fairly steady for next year while approving measures that could sharply increase the rates paid by inexperienced teenage drivers.

President Bush pledged yesterday to work with Congress to reduce the government #39;s huge budget deficit as a key step in assuring the world that his administration supports a strong dollar.

Time Warner will pay \$210 million to defer a Justice Department investigation into accounting irregularities at its Dulles-based America Online unit.

Ofcom is cutting the price BT can charge its rivals for putting their broadband equipment in its exchanges by up to 60.

BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission is sticking  with its plan to lift sanctions on \$4 billion worth of U.S.  goods on Jan. 1 following Washington's repeal of export tax  subsidies in October, a spokeswoman said on Thursday.

ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Google Inc. won a major legal victory yesterday when a federal judge ruled that its advertising policy does not violate federal trademark laws.

Reuters - Wall Street looked set for a mixed start\on Thursday as oil prices remained near two-week highs and\investors braced for a clutch of economic data and earnings\from high-profile firms like Goldman Sachs  and Nike\.

Retail sales have risen sharply in the run-up to the key Christmas season, adding to data which suggests the economy is gathering pace and interest rates may rise next year.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Security software maker Symantec Corp.  has agreed to buy Veritas Software Corp. for \$13.5 billion,  expanding into the backup and recovery software market, the  companies said on Thursday.

The cost of broadband internet access is likely to fall after Ofcom ordered British Telecom to cut the amount it charges internet providers.

Rite Aid (RAD:NYSE - news - research) swung into the red for its third quarter and lowered expectations for fiscal 2005. The drugstore chain said Thursday it posted a loss of \$7.7 million, or 1 cent a share

Two regulatory agencies have concluded that Fannie Mae cut corners when it came to its accounting, and that has severely damaged its image.

Although there may have been technical limitations at the time the cell phone ban was established, according to IDC #39;s Shiv Bakhshi, it is unclear why the ban has remained in place, given that

Indianapolis, Dec. 16 - An announcement Thursday morning ends weeks of speculation and means that if Guidant shareholders sign off, Indiana will lose one of its few Fortune 500 companies.

Johnson  amp; Johnson, the pharmaceutical and health care giant, has announced an agreement to buy Guidant, one of the largest US makers of devices to treat heart and circulatory illnesses, for \$25.4 billion.

The US on Thursday finalised a new accounting standard that will force companies to subtract the cost of share options from their earnings, a move bitterly opposed by Silicon

Crude oil futures are headed for their biggest weekly gain in 21 months on speculation cold weather may boost demand in the US Northeast, where 80 percent of the country #39;s heating oil is used.

Parmalat, the bankrupt Italian dairy and food company, sued 45 banks on Thursday seeking to recover money it paid to them in the year before the company #39;s collapse.

The White House, seeking a strong economic team to craft and sell key features of its second-term agenda, is considering tapping Federal Reserve Board member Ben S. Bernanke to serve as chairman

Reuters - A U.S. bankruptcy court on Thursday\stepped into the battle between YUKOS and the Russian\government, issuing an order to block Sunday's auction of the\company's main oil-producing arm for 10 days.

After lengthy talks and stiff negotiations over price, the decision by Guidant executives to sell the company for \$25.4 billion came down to the attractiveness of Johnson  amp; Johnson #39;s deep resources.

Speculation swirled Thursday over the futures of Fannie Mae #39;s top executives after regulators #39; cited the mortgage giant for accounting violations going back to 2001.

TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average rose to its  highest close in four weeks on Friday as hopes grew for a  seasonal year-end rally, spurring buying in a wide-range of  issues.

LONDON (Reuters) - A U.S. bankruptcy court is likely to  revoke its temporary ban on the sale of Russian oil group  YUKOS's main production unit, lawyers said on Friday.

Consumer prices rose by a mild 0.2 percent in November as costs for gasoline and food products calmed down after posting sharp increases the month before.

DRUGS group AstraZeneca today suffered a massive setback after tests showed its blockbuster Iressa cancer treatment did not allow patients to live longer.

NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Dow Jones industrial average fell  on Friday after Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; shares opened nearly 19  percent down on trial data for its popular arthritis drug  Celebrex that showed increased risk of heart attack.

LONDON (Reuters) - Investors in pharmaceuticals were dealt  a triple whammy on Friday as Pfizer Inc, AstraZeneca Plc and  Eli Lilly and Co all shocked the market with bad news about key  products.

Gold miner Goldcorp Inc. on Friday said its board is willing to review and evaluate a takeover offer from Glamis Gold Ltd. that would break up its friendly merger agreement with Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.

US consumer prices rose modestly in November as a surge in energy costs a month earlier moderated, the Labor Department said on Friday.

United Airlines pilots would drop their opposition to the carrier's much-decried plan to eliminate traditional pensions under a tentative contract agreement approved by union leaders.

Circuit City Stores Inc. (CC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday posted a narrower quarterly loss from continuing operations but said its outlook was cautious for the

US stocks fell as setbacks for drugmakers, including a study showing Pfizer Inc. #39;s Celebrex painkiller increased the risk of heart attacks, sent health-care shares tumbling.

General Motors Corp. said Friday it would host a series of economic development forums around the globe in an effort to share the expertise it has acquired through various local projects.

Reuters - CarMax Inc.  on Friday posted\lower quarterly profit, but the used-car retailer said its\sales have been steadily improving, sending its shares up as\much as 14 percent.

Without reserve. EBay (nasdaq: EBAY - news - people ) on Friday said it is buying Rent.com. The latter, which is privately held, provides online listings of apartment and house rentals.

MOSCOW (AFP) - Russia forged ahead with the weekend auction of the core asset of crippled oil giant Yukos despite a disputed US court order barring the sale, with state-controlled gas giant Gazprom entering the bidding.

The head of plane maker Airbus yesterday won a bitter battle to oust his boss from the helm of parent aerospace group Eads after winning the support of a key shareholder.

Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Equity Research said the purchase of Rent.com by eBay (nasdaq: EBAY - news - people ) could be a bit of a miscalculation.

SINGAPORE : Doctors in the United States have warned that painkillers Bextra and Celebrex may be linked to major cardiovascular problems and should not be prescribed.

EBay plans to buy the apartment and home rental service Rent.com for \$415 million, adding to its already exhaustive breadth of offerings.

